 the commands in 'linux' are normally the same across disrtos. kubuntu = KDE.   ubuntu = gnome.. theres a tool called 'epidermis' (not in the repos) that can install/set other themes fro that stuff.. there may be some other ways as well to change it.. but i dont worry too muich about the silly splash stuff you mean convert? or delete and remake..sudo apt-get upgrade, sudo apt-get update2.6.32-16 adante no idea - i rarely mess with the kerne i dont even bother to use lvm. :) for a home machine. i dont need it. ive moved installs from one brand laptopp. to a radically newer/mondern laptop.. with no issues.. the video card and the wireless card drivers would proberly be the biggesdt stumbling points one potential issue could be if the old pc used an older version of the nvidia drivers. that dident work with anewer nvidia card.. updated eveyrthing. Unity, and gnome-3 there are release docs and blog sites with details  and reviews..windows chanloads grub somehow to boot wubi. (i hate wubi. so dont use it) :) so imay be wrong i say the same thing about WIndows. :) how did you install it? if you used the package manager. you can seewhat files the package installed how are you 'remotely' connecting? then thats just a vnc variant. and no it cant do it that wayi would guess thats a pidgin setting option.  Not that ive used pidgen much.smuxi is almost that.. I perfer weechat however. google.com :P nvidia packages come with different versions for different chipsets. the jockey-gtk tool can suggest what version you should use. i just used the normal system -> admin ->hardware drivers tool. like on 32bit ive nevver seen/found the tool that does that under ubuntu.. other then the installer.Its a higher version # - so its better!:Pif you are getting a new lcd. and video cards.. you want dvi :Pof course theres that NEW interface comming out I think in a year or so. all the linux 'virus scanner' programs are for scanning windows data files to protect windows systems. :P  sudo service cups start its possible. what video card? why would you need to? the 'advance bash scripting  guide' has a example script that does that i recall. theres secure.. then theres paranoid. :) unless the performance loss is too much thats scary in many ways check the boot options/grub entry for mint - compare it to the normal grub1 entry for mint. Proberly some missing option needed. theres a gnome-art tool to help install gnome themes reading a few sites - and this one mentions blacklisting the nouveau module - but its to use the drivers from nvidia.com - perhaps similer thing is needed -> http://www.ubuntugeek.com/howto-install-nvidia-drivers-manually-on-ubuntu-10-04-lucid-lynx.html 'mc' The ULTImATE console file manager :) thats its saveing feature. ;) a bridge to do what? whare the internet connection? read up on the  topic at --> http://ubuntu-user.com/Online/Blogs/Marcel-Gagne-Orbiting-Planet-buntu/Stop-Apologizing-For-Linux check the ownership/permissions of the files also. be sure they are all owned by your user thats scary..  :) perhaps a little. it depends on yoru system and setup check your bash settings and the permissions of /home/USERNAME/.bash_history we have no idea about efnet here.. this is dalnet. ive rarely had any issues with pulse nmap can is a scanner toolthe ones ive seen  that dont need any drivers. should work... check the side it maybe dragged to the side so far its just hidden apt-get remove whatever huh? download the cd. like 'vi' ya mean? sudo apt-get install fluxbox how is skype going to be playing sound to the remote boxs? or are you putting a desktop setup on the server? use 3 hds is one way.. or learn your grub skills. you installed it to a netbook? if so you gave it a user/password you refering to a NTFS or windows VFAT partition? use some usb installer tool to do it . that makes a persistant save file. see the pendrivelinux web site.. and try the backtrack channels.. not here. theres a dozen to choose from.   I tend touse audacious check 'dmesg' command output? servers are loaded. if you install 'ubuntu-desktop' it should proberly depends on the task you are doing. :) i will admit last i used nero for lin was some mo ago. i dont think it is. or no one has needed to. .net is very hard to get going in wine from what ive heard..   see the wine support and wine app database for programs that use wine.what are you trying to run exactly? 'uname' in that example is a command... not the users name the $(command) syntax is similer to `command` (backticks) but its easier to read.!ntfssee ntfg-3g docs also why do you allready want to login as root. :P  sounds like yoru X did not get configured right. ive heard that dual screen + unity can be quirky if we say No.. will it matter? use sudo and gksudo as needed. there is none. demand a refund? or just rant some more in the channel perhaps? run the nvidia-settings tool and set teh res how you like. you tried running 'gksudo nvidia-settings' and saveing the xorg.conf file? reran   sudo update-grub   ? and this is ubuntu related how exactly? right click, add to panel  On the panel. Its one of those applets. check the forums.. or test with a live cd/flash.  Most netbooks are decently well supported.!appdb | v1c3trailbar:  theres the #ubuntu-one channel that may know moar. in the past ive uninstalled  the old package, then reinstalled the new access 'how' excatly? short answer - is priberly you dont. :) what are you wanting to acompilsh exactly?Bad habbits on their part. do not prove its a ubuntu 'problem' ok. Not in the 'real world' then. :) theres several commands/scripts that ive seen at web sites that can do that. many use wget/curl and grab the info from a 'whatismyip' type website and the issue is? http://www.oreilly.com/openbook/   has a samba book you can download. i followed tha tsamba book for about 2 chapters and learned all i needed to know.. took 20 min. :P  theres proberly some packages in the medibuntu repositorys you want also - for all video type codecs and other extras use exit 0 as the last command perhaps? vlc and mplayer have several differnt 'video out' options you could try. we try to help here. some days we even  manage to help! it is? clarify what you mean. Gparted works wonders from a live cd. with gparted on a live cd.. yes. yep. You might want to use the torrents to download. theres PPA's for 3.6 you can use. use some 'autoload torrents from a directory' feature and just put the torrents in there.. is one way i just installed the drivers, rebooted . ran the nvidia-settings tool as root with gksudo (or whatever it is) nvidia-settings, tweaked the config.. restarted Xin some cases you may need to edit the X config file manually. I had to for my widescreen laptopHmm..  that souldent of affected sound Ride - however i DID have an  odd system ages ago. that IF i 'rebooted' from windows to linux. the sound card would not get configured right.. but if i powered down and booted straight to linux it would work. normally the newest kernel is the default. Unless theres some 'save default' option set in the /etc/default/grub file its best to find deb packages.. rpm conversion can.. not work very well.. or break things you coul dinstall it for just your one user.. or you copy it over using the proper sudo command/root access rights. depends on what you are doing via the editing also... check the .gvfs dir see in #ubuntu-ops perhaps if you accidently copy stuff to (for example) /media/MyFancyDisk    directory.. when your 'MyFancyDisk' is not mounted.. it just goes to that directrry. technically its 4gb.. but theres other issues to watch out for check the menu item.. its 'ccsm' i recall. or check the package manager tool synaptic to see what the package installed. if your user has no .dmrc (thats where the last selection is saved) it would use the system default. Huh? :) what was it. created how seen that when the system dont boot prtoperlyErr.. a Library path  is DIFFERNT from the shell PATH for binariesunless i missread what mohanohi was saying... he needs his lib path. according to the wine app database.. a lot of people do. for the purty pictures :P when fsck finds files that are lost - they7 get tossed in there. that meads you have had some serious drive issues lately it seems. heh - dont start up that old argument again. :P check your spelling at the command line, use the tab key to complete file/paths.. case is imporntant. teres a free vmware, ad virtualbox the Kubuntu homepage has some details on that, i saw last week or so. take care to not delete/format the windows partition. :)  thats how basically give the linux partitions  mountpoints for / and /home and so on. the installer will ask to reformat them ifyou want. dont use deamon tools to mount the iso. use a real cd or flash drive perhaps and im not sure wubi works at all with windows 7 at this time either. I would suggest testing Linux in Virtualbox if you cant do a normal install. gnome file manager has some scripting features and the ubuntu-tweak tool has some example scripts that enable a lot of 'copy to specific location...' type items not a whole lot to it.. asks a few questions.. doesd the install... unless you are refering to somthing other then the alternative installer. WoW is rated 'gold' at teh wine app database last i checked. thats flash being a baddddd boy. its possible yes. your mileage may vary. :) at the grub menu, recovery mode, or use the 'text' option. not really with the  sawfish window manager you sort of can. :) the imagemagick package/tools can convert images  from the console check the #mythbuntu channel and the forums. they are often teh tv  tuner experts ive seen somne panel applets that can do that. Check the OMGubuntu web site. ive seen them mentioned there. theres numerous apt docs/manuals/guides online thats a compiz plugin, use the ccsm toolto manage those. you proberly just crashed the thing with it msging itself all day now. depends on your irc client.. xchat probverly has quakenet in its server listings  mount command, or theres fuseiso, or some other command that can make it easier also 'crawl, walk, run' :) it depends more on teh codec used by the wma. Ive played them in mplayer and vlc befor i think it depends on the codec to some degree. smokeing is bad for you :) you mean the res is to 'low'  :) you could share teh home partiion. but trying to use the same named user. can cause issues.. depending on the 2 disrtos and what os is on the netbook? a rather vague and pointless question.. care to give more details in the ubuntu support issue? try #comal check the wine app database for that game. it mayhave some tips try #winehq perhaps somthing like 'nautilus computer:///' which term setting? or you mean THE term setting? you refering to the terminal programs like konsole? or in the console? i see a similer message on my intel based machine - while its running. so thats proberly not the reason for teh thing to be stuck. try a slas at teh front :)No real issues with 11.04 here.I dont find unity and mac the same at all.. but i have also started using Cairo Dock + unity. :) so i guess its even more mac-like now. :) my examples did point to the location of where the boot directory was at. not  the full path including boot. so i think you are right use of the find command may  work best for  that the find command has allthose features  allready. why do you need to compile it? thers proberly PPA's for newer version theres a boot up monitor/graph tool. that can show  the boot times. Never noticed any for 'rebooting' times.. i could of rebooted and timed it by hand in the time its taken you to basically ask how to time it.. you could rmmod the sound card modules.   yo could call it from /etc/rc.local as a way you are in ubuntu right now? or on windows? sounds like you may have a faulty cd. i can click on the #whatever  name and join it :)to use vnc over teh 'inteernet' you would want to ssh tunnle the vnc connection. or perhaps use a vpn run it from /etc/rc.local is one way /tmp normally proberly you DONT edit grub.cfg - theres guides out on how to properly 'shorten' the grub menu luistings check the video chipset and wireless chipset for any specific laptop. Other then those 2. Most everything else should work. However 'brand new' laptops that juat came out recently - will also be the  most lilely to have issues. watch for ones the have been out for a few months. install them both.. try them out. using ff4 right now. it will be worth the effort to find a few bash tutorials been seeing questions all day..... my user can run lsusb allready without root priv. lighter - some features may not be there normally.. so yes it might be a little harder to do some things.. they use different apps for most everything.. some m ay be easier you could roll your own 'light' desktop depending on your needs. clarify what you mean by 'vm' you can access it with the samba tools under ubuntu? or you mean accessing the mountpoint? i tend to manually edit my samba config to enable  a few public shares  - The books in the 'samba-doc' package cover this. use whatever one you like. most5 people tens to use apt-get under linux - k3b, under windows = 'burn at once' :P ive heard theres some gconf setting you can mess with - but thats all i rember. :( heh.amd64 is the generic term for 64bit for intrl and amdand slap them.at least Dapper Drake dosent sound like a  'Bean Eating Badger' :P ran out of space while installing... that could be a bit hard to fix.check fstab for a swap line theres themes/extensions for firefox for that.. or opera can i think.. and chromium can also.there used to be a mirrorselect tool i was getting stuff in B/sec the other day its best to use ssh and forget ftp ever existed.. i can only thnk of a few reasons to use ftp these days for vlc i had to try the different sound output devices, to get it working. alsa, pulse, defsult, rerstsrt vlc after changeing that setting its in the vlc settings. audio section. a pull down item. default is 'default' or 'auto' i had to use alsa on one box i hadlike the tiny url services? thats what the topic says. :) thats how ubuntu works. if using nvidia (or ati perhaps) try the 'nomodeset' option (space on boot screen/shows man, F6) how about Unintall one while you are installing it at teh same time.. see the potential problems? to keep the system from getting confused. Is the big reaason use the torrents.. they are faster then the download servers well looking at my /dev/sdxx entries - it seems it startx at a major # of 8,0 for sda and goes up  by 16 for each new hd.. sdb = 8.16 sdc = 8,32 sdc1 would be Sdc #,#+1  it seems over 400k/s pretty sure its using uuid. its on my laptop/ it worked fine. :)not got it running/handy to check however. ive had no issues with ext4 but if using it - you may want to  get a UPS.   of course a UPS is always a good idea whats your video chipset? I have to use teh nomodeset option for my Nvidia systems. a script to do whatt? put the commands in a script. run the script as a user, from rc.local is one wayor was it fonts:/// then make one. try it and see.. thats the definitive answer. you can set your 'keyring' password to be blank. so the netwok tool can access it automatically depedns on your needs. and f you use hibernate peraps 4gb max on a 1gb system.. if you really need more then that..  i wousl suggest more ram buying in the futyre. thers some {a-z} of [a-z] syntax that does it or some other bash trick i saw. but rarely use  Medibuntu is just a repository.  Use the package manager to remove whatever packages you installed from it. to make dvd 'video' disks from video files.  i tend to use devede 1300+ people here...  start with 'man cut' ?  for complex things - you may want to use awk or sed. (or both) make a script that launches the app. and use the 'sleep XXXX' command befor its launced the program get wine, and winrar.exe   and try 'wine winrar.exe' yes it can with extra program depends on what the script is supposed to be doing is that a windows partion? theres a wiki/page just for that 'issue' yes d | mail yes d --> prints d over and over and over and over....... it would depnd on the system specs. most any can do what you asked. dont assume that anyone in here even knows what blackbuntu is...thats.. weird...ubuntu one ;) try alt-f2 and run 'metacity --replace' see if they come back you removed/broke the nvidia drivers so compiz is failing to start - thats my bet. yea,. thats what i was thinking... and whats the file system on the drive? why do you need to do that? you compile c code. then run the executable.. good luck. I imatgine thats a command line utility also. bios hacking is sothing to be carefull with odd.. My 5500 works in my backup machine my fx 5500 is working with the  Version 173 of the drivers. this a laptop? You going to use hibernate or suspend?  i always do 512 at least. mouse thang? you mean playing comercial dvd's ? you proberly got to install a few 'extra' things to get them to work.. check the wiki under the 'restricted formats' section I think is the details. with apple they claim you basically have only the rights they give you. i just install the 'ubuntu-restricted-extras' package and it grabs the right stuff i think you run the nm-applet you just did. :P care to ask another? tried the 'text' mode Just to see if that works? it might be a framebuffer issue You could make a swap file if you want.. but a partition is more effficientnot running minecraft?and whats accujazz? be more clear. or vlc, or xbmc, or moovidia, or enna, or boxxee... :) it depends on your needs. you can disable gdm service if you wanted to. dont need to 'remove gdm'I thought iptables features  was a module loaded into the kernelbut i rarely use/need the feature :) reminded me to look up how to filter out that sutff on my irc client the various xrandr tools can do that 'mondo/mindi 'mondo/mindi' can backup a system to cdrom/dvd/network and restore it later theres a xml file in the directory where teh images are. that defines the changeing times see this url for another example --> http://www.webupd8.org/2009/12/natgeowalls-creates-xml-wallpaper-set.htmlmake and format the vfat partition under linux - XP likes to force you to use ntfs for anything over a specific sizeor use one of those ext2/3 reader/writer drivers for xp and just use a spare ext2 partition. anything else you shold do - to do what?Nvidia -> Intel -> ATi -> ANy others even exist? Hehdefinatly run away from SIS... depends on exactly How you installed it. 'raw' i think means its unallocated -  what filesystem is the external drive? Id suggest going to #windows and seeing if they reccomend any tools. the ntfs-recovery tools in linux - tend to be.. minimal depends on the OS. :) i can do that with some linux disrtos easially enough. virtualbox is worth looking into for testing other disrtos its a Kernel.. :P is the reason gmail uses a pop3 server i think. so its doable. you could of pasted the 1 line error message. instead of sending people to a pastebin :) what is saying that error? how are you starting lubuntu'? then mount  the old home to /media/wastheoldhome and copy over what data you need as needed.. shareing /home btween different disrtos can  take some fixing of the owner/permissions of the files also ; seperates bash commands. so that can work as one line.menu.lst is for grub1 i thought. how are you using grub1 om 11.10grub2 has totally different config files we dont do backtrack support.. see the b acktrack channels theres several. could install to one, then use mondo/mindi to make a backup/restore cd set if you need the features..  you can upgrade. from a terminal try 'totem whatevervideofile.avi' and see if any errors are shown. :P you could proberluy write a script or  watch the output of the 'who' command. 'watch who'  in a teminal as a cheap fast way winff is a front end to ffmpeg theres proberly others seelct in what app where? for what reason? write your own then..  pidgin is one of the worse programs out for IRCing. :) emachines makes a lot of machines... a 1 gb ram box. should work. in gnome it can do it if you use their 'spatial'  file nagivational mode.. wich MOST people seem to hate. not sure about in kde. the pendrivelinux site has some tools/scripts for doing iso -> usb that work in most disrtos. i tend to not use unetbootin these days. I perfer the tools at the Pendrivelinux web site you mean to startup apps on login? ive seen it done befor.. but not sure if it was a wm feature or X feature you could go to the console and try 'sudo cat /dev/psaux' or /dev/mouse and move the thing around. my GRUB menu shiows them all i use grub2 and update-grub finds most of the OS's i have instal;l;ed install any of a dozen for the console/text, nano is common you are installing ubuntu packages on debian? is that you are saying? perhaps make a /etc/update-motd.d/ dir ?im not sure that norton and mcaffe does that good of a job really :PIve been useing 'AVG'  under windows latey.. demo with no lame limitations. you fdisk/partition the drive as you like, then use mkfs.ext3 normally. Theres proberly a few howtos and wiki pages on this topic yea - firefox seems to be annoying in that respect. :( i was thinking that also.that will kill X off right then and there ghb also 'alt-ctrl-backspace' should do it as well for 'sudo' you use your first users password creat one where. ive herd of others with wubu+win7 issues.. but  no idea on any fix's - there may be a forum thread on the topic. I suggest testing Linux in virtualbox. and forgetting about wubi it has lots of issues.. and noone really seemsd to know how to fix them or work on them or trouble shoot it. a hdmi tv over a hdmi cable? it is a monitor then. ;) there used to be a web site/company that had a web gui where you could  roll your own with just a little work. https://reconstructor.apphosted.com/ try the nomodeset option!nomodeset | sivik but the altnettive is not the same as the 'server' and the alt- just boots to the installer.. not what he wants I think.. check your video card drivers. ive had it work well on some.. and not so well on others. best to find it in the repos and use synaptic to install it. check out some find examples on the web. Its doable.. I just dont rember how the normal cd is the live cd. nmap can scann ALL ports whats the exact command you used? try extracting it with the rar nonfree binary,  if 'unrar' failed.I perfer weechat to irssi these days. it has some neat features. very good scripting support for several languages,  updating feature for the scripts. 'intigellent' filterering of messages/text/people,   vert/horiz splitting of windows. export the PATH to include the proper path to the file. or make a bin directory in the users home dir. and put a link from  it to /home/username/bin/whatever paste a url perhaps? lets test it that url was goofy.. but other videos work - like the one at  http://www.cnn.com/video/ hp  makes a vast varity of  laptops.. darn! we all know ubuntu is teh 3 clicks and you got Portal5 written OS... you may need to logout/back in for that.  the 'ubuntu-tweak' tool also lets you change that and more a lot of the old dos games work in dosbox if you can find the dos versions of myst and so forth. :) theres also the SCUMMVM for the old lucas arts type adventure games. installl one, start it up.. :Pbill gates. :)and why is that? 'a sturdy bird'  is dirty? try a new mouse? try it in a live cd? thers a 'prevent focus stealing option' in compiz i belive. i dident think  secureboot was  a feature  that was out  yet. ive had that issue with 10.04 with some usb flash drives.. bt not usb hard drives.. Not seen the issue in 10.10 so move them over. yes.  read the bots directions. Or install ubuntu-tweak or  some of the other tools that let you do it with a gui Hmm.. how are you going to login after its upgraded then? you should track down some books on bash, and read the 'advanced bash scripting' guide you can make a persistant save file.. but i dont think unetbootin can do that. sounds like the Notification panel area crashed.. readd it to panel i googled and found one once.. ages ago..  Theres not that many free ones out.. and those that do exist are often rather slow/poor.without broadband... life is a  Biotch:P what video card? 'sudo lspci | less' there is none. its  set to use 'sudo' wine dosent use windows.. and theres players for linux that do most everything winamp does. /msg THEBOT hello sudo modprobe whatevermodule 'slune' is fun. nothing.. untill you want to run somthign that dosent work on them. you mean make an image OF an existing cd? or just make an iso file from data files>? you may want to get out of the bad habbit of using spaces in filenames :) go to the bank and get one? ive seen the 'gres' script  used for replacement in files befor. (learned it from this book/url) --> http://books.google.com/books?id=m4ZzElQZxcoC&pg=PA51&lpg=PA51&dq=gres+awk+script&source=bl&ots=ZPS6qNi5kT&sig=fqC4BXz_2IumKtWMQdI_y2D8d5A&hl=en&ei=LUCGSpnUL4yOMc7tiNwL&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2#v=onepage&q=gres%20awk%20script&f=false use teh synaptic package manager tool find the package and look at its 'properties' it will show what it installed where use the bookmark feature and add them to your bookmarks if you want to access tehm easier. we are not clear on whatyou are expecting to show up in computer:///  - it shows the physical hard drives and devices here. and / most people want to kill the beep. :) killall screen for k3b ther4 used to be a extra package or 2 you had to install to get it to read/convert mp3 files. yes Next versionof what?  #ubuntu+1 for the next ubuntu release. IF it exists - /etc/X11/xorg.conf use the package manager system, and ppa-purge if you used a ppa depends on your irc client. uname -a that will remove the notification icon tray - you will lose the volme icon also thers some pacakge you can remove to totally remove it.. but  i dont bother from how i read that guide. it says for 10.04 just use teh versions in the package manager. and you have such a full life you want to yell at us..cd is a bash built in.. as far as i know.. i dont see how it can be command not found.. :) but 'sudo cd' does basically nothing... i dont think it can.   when suspended. the usb stuff gets no power I imagine. you could nmap scan the network as a possible work around, you could try just drag/dropping the file onto an open office app.  Other then that.  no idea i use them to scan my windows systems/files :) does that count? winehq is a web site - with their own debs of wine. they got directons for adding their ppa at their homepage to use their wine builds  i nubuntu i tend to use perhaps 4 partitons tops. -> (windows) (linux) (linux HOME) (swap) all primary partitions set up the video card drivers. install the 'ccsm' config too. tweak compiz/effects all day long. that is the advanced custimiuzation.. set the settings how you want. #winehq is not invite only. its 'registered nicks' only most likely you oproberly want #winehq  not #wine as i mentioned earlier what have you tried exactly? you should be able to just plug it in. (check dmesg output for any errors) and try mounting a cd by hand once you determine its /dev/sd## name. It may not be using /dev/cdrom by default dozens of tools to do that. i reccomend using the normal ubuntu over 'mint' i always install the 'unp' program then it would be 'unp foo.7z' see what teh bot said. :) its best to let the thing check... alt-ctrl-arrow - check the gnome perferances i just saw it at the bottom of some long list   i had to disable it for a editor #1 determine the exact card and chipset. that guide may be a little outof date with the new releases. doubtfull. You could disable the hd in the bios and boot the live cd to see.. firewalls in linux work in a radically different way then they do in windows. So somthing like zone alarm is really not needed. ive seen some ubuntu tutorial sites mention that. and  how to tweak/disable the 'maximus' program thats doing the fullscreening. But ive never  messed with it. pastebinit do what you want.  thats the bottom line. tehres proberly other painting programs out.. depends on your needs seen that befor. :) Always amazing how much crud gets in there. could be the fans are a bit out of balance now. thers used to be a way to get it from /proc or /sys - if that feature was enqbled in the kernel compile.. but i cant rember the details. i though that limit got removed some time ago. i see mention of a 'time format string' that has its own support channel see wjhat the system -> admin -> hardware drivers tool says aboyt your drivers.. as for videos.. it depends on the video. Install the proper restricted extras and players and codecs packs for whatever video codecs you need. most pc's can :) thats a windows app right? check the wine app database. 3 ways (at least) #1 you could just install samba  and set up windows shares..  , 2) Or install ssh/winscp   3) read the virtualbox docs and learn about how to enable the special virtualbox 'shared directory' feature. ssh in, install/start a  'vncserver' - dont use gdm/gnomes desktop shareing feature. you may want to check into 'freenx' also instead of vnc. tell the channel what it is doing then? try geany it likes you and wants to chat. :) what dir? will have to chmod it back to what it needs to be. they are being 'over cautious' and theres been bug reports filed to get that wordiong changed if you can use 64 - you may as well use 64bit in the transmission settings theres  a privacy tab -> 'require encryption'  the exact command can depend on your version of windows also.. MS likes to change them its in .vnc/passwrd here. .run just means its a executable isntaller for the most part. chmod +x whatever.run   then run it wuthg  ./whatever.run You poped in the windoew cd that contains the game? should be /media/cdrom or some other  /media/NAME depending on the name of the optical disk that would be a neat trick.. not on my  2 laptops... try 'abiword' for a word processor thats small perhaps pick a real nick. and  rephrase the question. its in the repos. :) use the pakage maanger its possible. But ive never done that. video converting with ffmpeg, and mencoder :) and using 'GIMP' theres way to convert them.. but quality never gets 'better' normally. vlc can play .vob filesi never knew there was a jockey-text :) i sure dont recall seeign it when i do jock<tab> try 'alltray' see #ubuntu+1  for lucid i dont care for it. use it if you like. theres also the 'moovida' program thats similer. ive had dozens of issues with xbmc here. not tried moovida lately. I just use vlc normally xchat is avail for most disrtos and even for windows incrasing font size in FF does not affect the print out that ive ever seen i dident think hfs had read/write support. define 'better' thats rather vague really.. if you mean install an app to use a webcam. try installing cheese. then plug in the webcam and see if it works. it should. format it, make a dir on it.. chown that dir to be owned by the user you want to access the drive use chown command from the shell. proberly best to find a live cd with it allready isntalled to test anything like that check the forums/bug reports for  newer bug reports and possible fixs - it will be easier to just run a wire to the thing, and use the hardware-drivers tool. you could figure out what module its loading.. and manually load that moduel somehow becaise from a chipset point of view the 2 are identical perhaps? did you restart X totally? gnome-cups-manager care to rephrase that.  Huh? how about you tell us what you are trying to do. what kind of usb device? flash drive? usb hard drive? try a sample/test with a smaller sized file. try rerunning 'sudo update-grub' if that fails to install it. You could edit /etc/grub.d/40_custom to add an entry to boot the other os. thats been disabled for the last 2 or 3 releases. perhaps Lubuntu  also with the release of 9.10 RC - could be a lot of servers are updateing  at this time to get ready for it. most programs support the  'programname --version' or programname -version or 'programname -v  or -V' options.  X may be one of the odd ones that doswent do  --version like a set of saved 'profiles' for compiz settings? Not seen any such thing. theres proberly a way to do it by setting the settings, backing up the config files, and copy/restore them  with a script. but that may get ugly leave part of the HD unallocated - that way the ubuntu installer can partion it. give more details for starters be sure to use the full path, and no alias's to commands (common issue with cron) thats odd. I belive there is an answer to that in the ubuntu wiki's or forums - i forget the details. but i think gnome has a option to do that. most likely yes.  it pays to learn all about gryub. :P ya could backit up to floppy i guess and then rerun the grub installer. is one way .. not sure how to force XP to not mess withit. some servers were down i heard. yes notice the xchat help menu item? :P  heh proberly says to set up the other repos and apt-get it :PI thought one edited /etc/fstab  not /etc/mtab boot a ubuntu live cd, chroot in, rerun update-grub and it Might see suse, and add it to the ubuntu grub menu sshfs ive herad they can have some issues is it being started from a script?  ive seen errors like that when somthing is  using #!/bin/sh  when they really should be using #!/bin/bash as their first line. how are you deleteing things? if using the GUI dont forget tyo empty the trash :)Ok then. :)!info pcmanfmcould try the alterantive isntaller cd also. laptop built in sd card reader. or is it a usb card reader? defrag/scabndisk the windows drives befor.. or use windows to resize the partition. leaving part of the HD unallocated.'whoami' commandHmm. that would be a nice feture in the grub menu 'fsck all filesystems' i was just thinking how i got grub2 set to boot a .iso file. You could have a minimal iso/ubuntu that is just for doing some repair tasks. firefox is in  the repositories.. and is installed by default on ubuntu . on my laptop.. perhaps 30 sec.. they have limited life. a 'live cd' type install wont wer it out as fast. butive never managed to wear one out yet...so its really not much of an issue if it wasent encrypted.. check ownership of the files/dirsaccess them how exactly ? yep - bad idea to just run 'stuff' as sudo when it dont need it sudo passwd usernameyouwanttochange lib/modules/2.6.15-22-386/kernel/drivers/net/wireless/rt2500/rt2500.ko - so its installed on dapper.. not sure if you got it installed or not. use 'sshfs'  - and that makes a remote ssh connection mouint to a local directory. :) makes it easy ask in #ubuntu+1 . Ive not seen any Multi touych enabled apps..  Its possible theres a compiz setting for it. one way would be to set up sudo to allow the 'service' command to be ran by that user. I think. a problem will be that most people HATE wubi. I for one wont use it.. gnome2 is basically dead.. so yes. ;) check the wine app database given above its in main. so no  editng of the sources.list was needed. sudo apt-get update, sudo apt-get upgrade, and try again install whatever desktop you want.. use it instead. thats all debateable in the OT channel. clarify what you are doing .. you change 'modes' on files/dirs or  You cahnge ownership with 'chown'icewm is useable. but the problem with things looking 'like' windows - is that they wont ACT like windows.wife/kids have very few issues using gnome with no training. you can type... :) id say yes. but more ram would help but why 6.10? #ssh may know a good source for that. no it will not. It may come close. I use 64bit on all my machines that can do 64bit. (3 out of 4) with exactly 4gb. some will be used by the system. id have to say check its homepage. i had to do that for some games also. wget takes command line options i think for that.. or just cd to the location you want it to go befor you run the wget command sudo service gdm restart may be safer to have them both use differnt directories In some place you mount that partition to. one could ask - why do you really need a 'bot' better off just making a web site :P  good luck. yes they do... :P then ya got the root of the hard drive/filesystem, and the root user.. and the root direcctory thats not the same as  'root /' :) you could always put a fstab entry for them.. but that wont auto-mount  disks you plugin/remove on the fly (hotplug) that will remove some not needed files.. depends on what your 'trash' is. theres several. I tend touse Tiddywiki but thats not really for a server tab and enter key.an iIntel iInside i have several of them :P theres a package in the package manager you install. called flash-installer i think i think theres some setting in the syslinux configs that pass a kernel argument that can do that. but ive never tracked it down. i recall that  the 'geany' text eitor (or fte) can show 'whitespace' characters. if its somthing special - it may show what it is. the Kubuntu web site details it -  apt-get install kubuntu-desktop will  get all the different kubuntu packages. its kind of missleading to think of them as 'different' disrtos. they are more the same core disrto with different packages by default. ive seen numerous squid guides. You have looked for some? if you are new to linux. why are you even messing with squid? learn some linux basics first. then work on squid you mean the current dir and all dirs below it? run the 'mount' command and see if its still mounted. state the problem/question and see who can answer. and your video card/chipset is what exactly? the forums also may have info on aspecific brand/make of laptops/machines i tend to use k3b for my burning needs yes.. trivial works fine for me even after a a reboot eh? gmail thing to do what?  I use the gmail-notifier applet just to show that i have mail its 1.1.4 here. but i MAY be using it from a PPA. yes. sudo fdisk -l, can also show devices. mount shows curently mounted ones. try geany gnash is not a 100% replacement for flash you mean you want to stop 'kate' from making 'backups' ? that should be in the kate settings somewhere. or just buy an iDongle proberly not. :) ive seen issues with GRUB where it dosent see/use a USB keyboard properly. I either have to use a ps2 keyboard. or enable the 'legacy usb' support in the bios. and check #ubuntu+1 for aplha support.. Good luck my usb bluetooth adaptor worked fine. been using it for.. Hmm... 12+years...Well.. You dont normally use /dev/sdc1 for a cd. it would be /dev/sdc or whatever. :)  and the mountpoint MUST exist beforhand.or am i thinking /dev/sda that may be it. i thought freeciv auto saved every 10 min or so. you could boot a live cd and get an older save peraps you mean you want GDM to auto login to a specific user? thers a setting in the login manager tool to allow that. check system -> admin thats normally how. I think. install the ubuntu-desktop then at the GDM login - select kde from the menus  it checks the cache. I think you can tell apt-get to redownload the packges if you wanted tio bye.. would totally depend on the router.. and i doubt it.. and not really ubuntu related... ;) check the ffmpeg and mencoder forums/faqs would be  where id look its the 29th.. and at no set time. then get the RC and instgall it now if you want.if a pc cant boot from a card reader. it may not be possible to trick it into doing so. unless you do some remastering of the cd. well most mondern camera work as usb-hard drives - could test the ubuntu live cd see if it sees the cam. use just | or > to redirect the msgs ;) perhaps  in /usr/share/backgrounds or /usr/share/wallpapers you are here :) thats the place. recompilin your own kernel? ive never notced a way to do that. accidently lost stuff befir by mounting things over a directory. :)  but never seen a way to get to the stuf without unmountng the fs plus you can get shell commands that give that info. :) i was thinking thast also. reinstall the boot loader/grub you need to use. the order of the disks could have changed. and perhaps the uuid;s deoending on what you didwell....  is another process using it? i think the wikis have a page on it. you mean the 'desktop changer' tool? I dont think thats fully possible.  thers some backwardsd compat features with ext4->3->2 but  thats proberly pushing it check the iphone market reviews perhaps. with my nvidia systems using twinview - ive rarely had issues sounds like a good reason to not use it.. You could check the disrtos homepage they got better Linux there? :P yea.. sure..  that proves its legal!depends on what you were trying to do int he first place. :P try the alsa-mixer program and be sure all the sliders are slid up perhaps. on some cards  from nvidia ive seen where they have 3 outputs. but can only do 2 at a time. ATI may have the same limit. the video card only has 2 actual GPU's i imagine. install the ubuntu-desktop package. then puick what desktop at the login screen Normally nagging the maintainers dont work.. you can search for a PPA of whatever it is you want and a newer version may be in one of more PPA's if its a kernel option. In grub 2 i think thers a line in /etc/default/grub any added repos are automatically 'updated' from. it works here with firefox 3.0 just fine well it can crash.. but it does work i belive theres some unity-keyboard cheat sheets out at some of the blog sites you should state the question.. very few people will 'pm' to hear the actuial question lpq, and lprm commands check out geany, avail for windows and linux. theres also good old 'gvim/vim' again - avail for windows and linux  log out, then use the menus at the kdm/gdm login screen.. if using KDE from GDM or gnome from KDE. some times not all the power off options are shown theres unofficial repos for it. that i use i got them from the PPA lists -> deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu karmic mainusing what command exactly? tgz.gz is redundant.   try the command line unp command.. and perhaps rename it to just .tgz sda0 ? never seen one with a 0... theres alternatie desktops. #windows :) more likely 'registered nicks' only all text/cli based irc clients are similer. :) ive had issues where ive had to  reinstall the grub menu after an install. or after some updates.. it gives a similer 'blinking cursor' some how i managed to make a usb flash drive with grub2 on it. that managed to boot my system. :) so if it goofs up. i boot the flash drive.. that boots the HD.. i rerun sudo update-grubHmm. Is there a way to make a Unmounted partition, NOT show up in the places menu. its not in fstab. :) but the Places menu sees/shows it and lets it get mounted check sudo fdisk -l, for all drives/filesystems or run 'gparted' run nvidia-settings and see if it says its in use :) been on vacation? mtpaint and a few others i think 1413 people here. fighting with java? huh? :P backup your /etc/X11/xorg.conf there should be backups of it in that directory if any were made sudo mkfs.vfat /dev/XXXXX open a terminal, run it from there. look for error messages 'sudo service gdm restart' is one way but ive seen cases where the nvidia drivers need a reboot to get going.. the installer can reformat the partitions if using the classic gnome type desktop - there should be a window list in the bottom panel. Unless you removed it. ubuntu dosent use runlevles like other disrtos do ubuntu dosent use runlevels any more. what  are you trying to acomplish by altering runlevels?!ntfs-3g | Weedy i doubt if ati will do much for older cards.  They might release specs some day.. but lets just say ati's history is not promising in that area you could see if the /etc/default/grub file is hiding the output. replace the 'quiet splash' with '' or 'text' perhaps/ ive seen in xchat where the list on the right side. gets 'moved' real far to the right. where you dont actually see it. Its resized to be real tiny. move the mouse over there and look for the  <---> type arrows thats showing the hostname in the prompt correct not lately. funny clicky noises and messages in dmesg... most of my systems dont. the nvbidia systems i have do.. and the onluy real settings in them are for Twinview you did check the md5sum of the iso you downloaded? it could be a bad download. what you trying to remove? http://tldp.org/LDP/Linux-Filesystem-Hierarchy/html/index.html ive heard of others with issues with it lately. I found weechat more configurable then irssi ive seen that done  befor. as samba printers. never tried it however. i think it was fairly easy to setup.!info k9copy | dalfz there maybe others.. but i never use them. could remove your .gnome* dirs. and force gnome back to the defaults.. try the 'service' command - it gives a list.. not sure what the list means.. :) but it at least gives a litst you may want to read that 'advance bash guide' (google for it) (the package may be abs to be installed) i doubt if thats going to happen any time soon. i was thinking the ET source got released a few months back. perhaps a updated port will come out soon. he prioberl just dosent have the skype repo key setup unplug/plug it back in.. check dmesg output. see if it shows up in the pulse tools perhaps.. Ive never had a usb sound gizmo what is UbuDSL ? never heard of it. ive not seen one for ubuntu, yet. people worry too mch about linux and its ram ussage. :) bad windows habbits..  let it alone. sudo adduser billgates  (pick a username) having sound issues? cant disable it in the bios eh? I seem to see this kind of problem quite often mentioned. i would think you would need to reinsdtll any packages that had files in that directory. actually we dont get that a lot. :P doubtfull.. you added the cdrom as a 'source' ? what cd is it in the cd rom exactly anyway? what file.. anyway :P normally downlaioding them that way is not a good idea. ubuntu is on a 700mb cd.. but dosent come with most dev stuff..   I imagine the actual size of the 2 once you get stuff installed.. will be about the same theres other things to consider then just size of teh download.. you mean windows over wrote the grub from your ubuntu install? that put it on the mbr of hda1 -- you MAY of wanted to use  'hda' 'burn at once' is a nice free iso burner program for windows you are about the 10th person ive seen ask that in about   the last month.  (and no ive never seen an de-facto answer) but there Might be an answer on the forums.. but  thats all i know on the topic. I want nothing to do with apple. :) you should at least summarize things if you expect anyone to look at a link some of the options to sudo make it use the root users configs/settings instead of the users settings. but im not sure if that would help in your case!8.10Try a 10.10 live cd and see... i guess.i agree there... i was thinking googles picassa could do that. theres proberly other image viewers you could use also. some hp printers need the hpoj, or hplip tools also insstalled. the installer can format it normally. You proberly wan tto use 'ext4' download the iso file. burn it properly to cd.. Backup all your windows imporntant stuff.. boot the cd.. install linux. :) hes got me confused also.... er, no. unless you want to use Wubi.. and i DONT reccomnd Wubi its rather common task... install vbox.. mount an iso in bbox.. boot it.. run it from a termianl. Look for error messages there is no 'program files' type directory. binaries can be anywhere, and your default PATH is searched for them normallyHmm.  http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/   seems very very very slow right now.. anyone else noticeing this? maximus program or devilspie, or compiz can force apps to do that. i think ive seen videos of that done. yes. it shoul;d be possible its there on the GRUB menu. you can upgrade.. but i always do a clean renstall of the final just in case. :) you can install lubuntu-desktop but last i had gnome+lubuntu - there were some issues.. theres also the #lubuntu channel depends exactly on what is 'slow'   -  DNS lookups? downloads from ftp sites? flash animation? clarify your question to the channel.- a few bots. :)Guess frank figured out what the close button does plug it in.. install 'cheese' - run cheese.. see if it works. so it works.. :) you frogot it in the last 30 min? :)  you could boot a live cd or rescue mode , and set iot to somthing be sure your caps lock key isent on/off i guess. and reset the password via live cd, or rescue mode if the pc can fit them all in.  and they are nvidia - just use the nvidia settings tool. you will need a big desk. :) 'streamtuner' perhaps.. and i think most of the media players can do some sort of streams. check the wine app database? thats getting so old.. I would be scared to do incremental updates. you could just log out/back in..  what was the key it was remaping anyway? disable the GDM service in /etc/init/ or use the kernel 'text' option at boot time. i think you need to clarify the issue. stop gdm and login at onsole  and use startx command i would suggest NOT upgrading at this time seen that asked in her befor.. never seen an answer.. ask in #windows perhaps.whats saying it needs it? 'A B C' (a followed by B, followed by C' :) ive seen it done on many disrtos.  but i dont know what reads the passed on info. proberly some varianble/init script does it reinstall the windows  boot loader/mbr with your windoes cd check in #windows  they may know I wonder if emerald is even in the next release repos. the ubuntu-tweak tool does a similer thing jockey-gtk is the hardware-drivers toolif you are allreayd logged into gnome - you can start  shareiing the current desktop with vino (i think) or in the menus i did - and it was much slower then a real 'vncserver' session i found. furst guess - the nvidia or ati drivers are not loading right. whats  4+9^23 :) no idea on usbtest. winff can do it. try it and see? try 9.10 live cd see if it works. you mean the new intel macs? no clue on those..   and its decently good at hw detection. and it sets up dual booting good. yes we have. they have their own support room/areas check their homepage/facebook page. I dont recall. I dident like it. :) last i read up on 'ncq' it was basically dident give much (if any) benifit if it was enabled.. Not heard about NCQ in the various blogs/benchmark blogs, in ages. NCQ - from the libata faq --> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=144858 ive used qtparted or was it gparted id just wait. perhaps tell it /dev/sdXX instead of / you mean change the GDM login screen settings? its a hassle to 'theme' gdm2. you can change the wallpaper easially enough. or tweak a few other settings.. and there are a FEW themes out for it. but its not as easy to tweak as the old gdm. hmm? about ready to leave to head to the dr's office.  Be back laters.with os-x ? id use ssh.or samba check the ubuntu wiki's and forums yet - see if others have installed it. and what problems they had? put a proper entry in the /etc/fstab file. i installed the opera package from their page. and then used 'sudo dpkg -i  whateveritwas' HOWEVER i think i needed to get their 'statically' compiled version. flash drive, net boot,   perhaps other ways If you installed a package using the package manager. it installed system widwe where its supposed to go,. if its not showing up in the appearance/themes - check the customuize button - it may be its actually a theme 'part' not a complete theme you could use 'metacity --replace' or 'compiz --replace' thats one wya I guess. :) or alt-f2 and run xkill if ntfs/vfat  - try installing/running the ntfs-config tool then use ex3/4 and properly mount th edrives and set the permissions/owndership on the mountpoints/subdirs on the filesystemsits in the settingz mR i honestly have to say.. avoide xgl at this time. :P its still much a work in progress debootstrap is one way fancy virtualbox tricks. the FAQ mentions this. :P the first USER password is the root users password.. an dyou can NOT login directly as root.!mount | click_here!ntfs-3g | click_here check the su docs. theres a way to run a command as a given user. You normally dont 'su to' some user in a script. try #hardware ? its MOST like 'regiestered nicks' only... much faster here i just use the emerald theme manager tool and click on the theme to use. you MUST use update-grub after changing the grub config files now :) it stops the service on run levels 0 2 3 4 5 6  I think.. No sure what the ! means.. not sure thats doable.. compiz MIGHT have some settings/trick for that. it does it both ways i recall. yea a little.. then i reinstalled ubunt and just apt-got the kde stuff :P grub2 is the default since like 10.04 i think nohup is standar4d on most linux and unix's from what ive seen.. not sure about bsd. :) rm fileYep. :) and been doing Peggle and no one ever reads the docs for them. :) thats one of the worse out there. :) in many ways. so sad.... :) a media player 'apt-cache search audacity' for info. i thinktheres a forums channel/ the cd/dvd can work as a repository. but you can disable the cd/dvd and it will get stuff from the internet. most all linux's can.  and even some other os's :)selecting text and hitting 'delete' dosent delete text in OpenOfficcs? Hmm.. perhaps a right click/context menu item then. or somt other menu item if you are on a linux machine.. and using X.. you open up a terminal... 'ssh -X remotebox'   log in, and run whatever app you want. it should appear locally. -X is differnt then -x total opposites.. some software dialup modems do have linux support. elaborate on the problem a bit more. You have checked the numerous lirc config web sites/wiki pages and forum posts? try making a new one . see if it works. its a text file.. use a text editor Kubuntu = Ubuntu -gnome + kde try them both out You can easially install both on the same install. use what you like. some creative use of head/tail and output redirection can proberly do it.it may be im using the 32bit flash.. i just know that it works. :) most people never even notice  how gnome has things streamlined.. and i belive OS-X does the same sort of gui design. ive never seen extra webcam drivers just for linux. ch3ck out the !webcam factoid perhaps unless you need it at the front.. yes.. i normally put  it at the rear whats in /opt/ ? could be some silly installer script did it. sounds like avg installer stuff was a liuttle silly. or it tried tomake some avg user. if you got X going.. alt-ctrl-F7, to restart X  use 'sudo service gdm restart' what kind of network card you got?:  fix the grub entrys for the failing disttros? and what ones are they? drag/drop the shiitko icon from the menus to the desktop. compiz 'greys' processes if it detectx they are slow to respond.it should start once installed. i just npormally install ubuntu-restricted-extras and it grabs flash and other bits for me.. unless  the flash makers broke somnthing again You are surs the disk actually has lnux software? that would be odd.. for my BT headset. i had to select the device as the output in the pulse audio cnfig tools. just kill the gdm/xdm service is one way. when problems arive - often you are stuck in the console to fix it... thers tons of bittorrent clients out - It depends on your needs most of the video players can do that if you got the proper support packages installed. vlc, mplayer, gmplayer, read books on it/guides/howtos compiz has settings to auto-max , move or resize specific progrms when they start clarify the exact probblem to the channel. im pretty sure that NO ONE in this channel has a clue what you are going on about.  Is there an actual ubuntu support question? depends on your needs. may as well try the latest. 9.04 check your current dir. I thought that installed stuff there. (the source) use gparted and set its label. is how i normally do it. or tune2fs command. what os is on the other pc? set up samba, or install ssh server and use winscp on windows. for accessing it.. but if its on a memory card.. why not plug that into the otehr pc? last i checked i saw no ext4 tools for windows  but that was about 2 months ago. it can totally depend on the bios/chipset/make of laptop. check the forums for your exact make laptop. there may be some tweaks/fixs for it. i belive setting that up is a bit complex sadly. ive seen some guides on doing it. and you had to change several filesBut wait! im using 127.0.0.1! you cant use my ip!:) just ask the actual question.. dont ask for 'experts'  shutdown command can take a time argument totally depends on what is in the tar archive actually thats been discussed as a feature for the next release how about a 'magically fix everuything option' also :) i use the 'simple scan' tool thats in the menus its right ther ein the graphics menu here. fire up synaptic. search for teh game. check the 'details' to see what files are installed where use a live cd and gparted - is what ive done dozens of times.. defrag/scandisk the partitions befor and after resizing them driver for what part of it? My AAO works  fine with the UNR If you only want youtube.. the google chome browser can use HTML5 for most of those and not need flash.  Ive not neard of a Flash-Pinkscreen issue.. so cant suggest much more. you do have flash player installed? like cylex  is saying? why do you need the eof stuff?  Lubuntu looked ok here.. get a axe.. place card on floor... start hacking.!chownVirtualBox has a lot of neat features that people overlook - becuse they never read the virtualbox docs. :) depends on the exact gamepad. Most of mine - i just plug them - configure the game to use them.. and away i go.i normalyly use a livecd that has parted tools allready on it. :) like the gparted live cd.numerical order. :) just what my wife needs.. so she can blow up her cell phone pictures to 3ft wide.. and wonder why they look bad. :) books... i dont think so vmwarew emulates its own  virtual nic i thought. it would appear as a networked machine (at least thats how virtualbox works) check your powersaving settings or screensaver settings. theres a check box to dim on idle. clarify what you mean. perhjaps the aircrack homepage has info on that. apt-get install --reinstall packagename you may want to read up about wine on the wine web sites.. you 'should' be avble to double click on a windows.exe installer and install a windows ap.. and it add a menu item or from the shell -->   wine /path/to/windowsapp.exe may as well wait then. :) its from the following package --> python-software-properties: /usr/bin/add-apt-repository proberly is possible. depending on how the DC accesses the internet,  You can set up you owm Mini isp with a linux box + modem Hmm. never tried to let wine do somthing like that. You may want to check teh wine homepage/faq/forums. starting what service exactly? redhat is a little weirder in ways last i checked/tried the RH/variants.. :) thats been 5+ yrs ago.there are dvd backup tools for linuxI never even watch 'videos' from disk.. :)  put them on the hd.. and  thats it.. or just restart X sudo service gdm restart   (is one way) could be the framebuffer or X is some how messing the console up. Try booting straight to the consoel, or use the 'nofb' option to disable the framebuffer yea see if alt-ctrlf1 throgu f6 give a useable terminal .. they shouldtheres a i386 ubuntu? thought it was 486 minimum i think that means its 32bit type a few letters of their nick and hit TAB key in the past ive had to plug in a qwired connection the first time , and install the wireless drivers disk space.. and see #ubuntu+1 for  the next release information/chat be siure you got the proper video card drivers installed. not to be cofnused with version 4.2.0 vs 4.3.0 :) 20 is higher. because it will work on 32 or 64bit machines.. if a user has NO idea what 64 even is.. 32bit will work.. if you are using 64bit machine. you may as well go 64bit.tell MS. use a tool like unetbootin, or the usb-disk creator tool to make a bootable usb key. boot from key. and install!find smb4ksmb4k is a kde ap. :) the cooler code names. you could use a window manager that supportes it - metacity dosent. but others do. theres always a way.. but it may take some learning of how grub works. tjheres no default firewall/blocking rules yes i just let teh p2p app  setup the router as needed chroot into the installed system and use the 'sudo passwd' command to change it or *not reccomdneded* alter the /etc/shadow file to make the password blanl. thats what i was thinking you mean take a flash drive setup and convert it back to an ISO file.. that is proberly diable.. but may be tricy unallocated space? you can make a new partition from it. and do whatever you wanted.. use gparted to resize. no..  happy now? use one of the many instant messenger tools that can do ICQ it will be here also. heh - i was about to mention that as well. you may want to mount that thing someplace other then /cdrom then. Huh? depends on what you are trying to do.. :P  i forgot. try it and see..   I imagine it would help some. but then you may not have the various power-saving/cpu limiting tools/services running differnt chipsets by broadcom have differnt degrees of support and possible issues. for 9.10 check http://delicious.com/dr_willis/gdm2 (in mygdm tags) are some links to some tools to let you change them check its settings/config menus. I never use xchat-gnome. i do know the normal xchat can 'autologin' and 'autojoin' channels and the problem is? if i knew what you were talking about. I would answer.. no need to PM me.. I have no clue what you are refering to. try a different idented server? you could try 'wicd' no idea.  ive used it once ages ago. What about it? he could try. Adobe doing bad things normally... open the appearance config tool.. and drag/drop the theme downloads to it. for the most part. you are wanting to blovk ips for what reason? totally depends on what you are wanting to secure.. people hammering your ssh server = fail2ban or other tools can auto blacklist ips. You can drag the gnome panel to the 2nd monitor if you wanted. Or add a new panel there. my nvidia setup. the nvidia-config tool has a 'set this as display as primary monitor' then gdm and the panels and stuff defauinted to it,. read your bouncer docs perhaps?  you cn set up a cloak on freenode.. thats not related to a bouncer. you just asked Faq #1 :P use 'sudo' not 'su' thats the default in the netbook edition. and soon to be the default for normal ubuntu. its a work in progress. :) less eyecandy/effects i hear. over the internet - You may want to use some service like dropbox, or ubuntuone to be safest.. you mean LEGAL or P2P ? :P theres some legal music stores that dont require fancy programs ( Unline that silly itunes) This is perl, v5.10.0 built for x86_64-linux-gnu-thread-multi  lik bdfoster  said.. or the xrandr tools. in many cases gparted needs support tools to use some filesystems.   there may be some xfs tools it needs to fully work with xfs thats weird.. You installed what os/drivers in vbox? perhaps the thing needs some firmware uploaded to it befor it works.Actually the use of the sudoers file would proberly allow  it..... allow one to run synaptic/install stuff without entering the password not  a problem related to Ubuntu support.. so you may want to ask in #freenode its not an ubuntu issue..  so you will get no answer to it here. seen that happen on the price is right tv show . for my phones theres a menu item in the phones to use 'usb storage' or 'usb data' perhaps iot has tobe enabled befor the phone is plugged in. install the services you need.. start sering Huh? runlevels dont work that way  in ubuntu any more. :) ubuntu uses upstart.. runlevels dont really exist.. that would be most of them. :P for a vnc client/server on windows - i tend to use 'ultravnc'  it has some nice features. (windows only) kde and gnome voth have their own vnc 'clients' i recall. (called somthing like remote desktop) -   Ultra vnc is rathe reasy to set up on windows..   about as easy as any of them sudo is command to run things as root... 'dpkg' is a package manager command. its a standard command.issyl0:  is a upper case typing cat using the 'cats-lock' key ? :)oops that was for isaac_  :) I recall seeing a wiki page on that topic i recall some comercial company with tools for that and a free 2 seat version.. thats about all i rember. Ive not looked into it for ages for a wirless network thekey actually IS in hex i think  the ascii is for our benifit. i recall some checkbox to show it or not..but im on 10.04 now. so cant double check mencoder, ffmpeg, or front ends to those tools like winff, avidumex, look again. :) ask the actual question about your problem and see who knows what. be sure to register your nickname also. and check the winehq forums/app database it also protects your from your self. :) i recall seeing it on shelfs at stores... no one really cared to buy it that way most any of them should work fine i dont even think linux uses/needs the bootable flag.. you want lots of space.. so moar is always better. :)  400gb is good for home.. unless you do like i do and  have a  hd just for torrentsPointers.. confuse me. :) and OOP seems... OOD. proberly.. but i never can figure out how to actually 'use' OO stuff in my programs.. of course my programs are proberly 100 lines long tops.. and do trivial things shut it down and restart.. that fixed my messed up - after updates issue. also you may want to install it as a user, just for that user. that way the update system can work for it.i dont recalls eeing any 'gui' secure deletion tools..!info bleachbit lfs dosent have much i need either. :) i did read its book/install docs once.. learned a few tricks.. yes. seeing about 200mb of updates every few days yes.. 'xubuntu-desktop' the meta-package isntalls all related xfce tools as well the login manager may have a pull down menu that shows lxde  on tyhe sessions listing alt-ctrl-f7 to get back to the X desktop (or gry F8 F9 F10 and so on) what are you trying to do with the 2nd one? odd.. ive had basically no issues other then plymouth being  quirky becauze adobe dosent care about linux. is my guess 'sudo apt-get remove PACKAGENAME' and i dont know the name theres been several 'atari' game systems the md5 command.. what sort of monitor/connection/video card are you using? most of the time those get auto-set these days. you could always reinstall them or a fancy cacheing system i asked you some time ago if that was a windows app. You never replied.. then see the wine app database, or the #winehq channel. i cant really 'help' with a windows app ive never had/tried/cant install.. you mean to say you need a download manager to download a download manager? :) looks like its using the  nautilus-elementry variant. and the breadcrumbs feature of it. for my machines it normally says the slower speed,s then it throttles up as needed.  often so  quickly i  rarely notice it going up/back down  You dident have any torrents going? or other network stuff? if you did samba shares you can use teh gnome file manager and its network places to browse for them or you could mount them to some given location by hand. you mean the gnome login splash after the GDM login?!resetpanel | misterbrownIf i toggle the wireless button on my netbook. Wifi Turns off.. but the button never turns it back on. :) A bit of a bug with this net book the 'console' colors can be tweaked with the proper printing of escape codes by the progrms.. but other then that..  not that easy to do. and the 'grub loading...' is handled by grub.. i dont think you are going to be changing that. if its a logitech mouse tr ->> http://www.hidpoint.com/ i use 'mc' to explore the contents of those kind of files logic 101 - INSTALL IT then. :P alias's are normally set in .bashrc or .bash_profile or similer file. if you wan tthem system wide. the /etc/bash.bashrc is where to go. they get closed i imagine. an 'autopackage' file ? that means very little :) they could of just shorted the extension. Or some other weirdnedss  :) or like jrib  says it may be for macs!lts | BlouBlou yea. thats what i was getting at..  it shouldebnt be running a 32bit kernel - since a 64bit system wont install a 32bit kernel friom what ive seenso hae i You are refering to wireless networking? or what excactly? any are you wanting to do this anyway?We need a Intervention for all the WoW Addicts...:) ive used 'qmv' for a similer task to that befor..  its command line/editor based however. use the 'nosplash' and remove the 'quiet' option from the kernel boot lines - perhaps. to see all messages i just install vlc and watch them all in that. :) the ubuntu-restricted-extras package should pull in needed codec packs i just install vlc and watch them all in that. :) the ubuntu-restricted-extras package should pull in needed codec packs most of them are for the old GDM. be sure to see which ones specificy gdm2. and as far as i know theres Not a lot of 'themes' out for gdm2 yet ive only seen like 4 of them. and they were some how used by a program i tried called 'epidermis' (like the medical word for skin) not really. :) you can edit the /etc/grub.d/configs and /etc/default/grub to remove extra entries or uninstall extra kernels. disable revovery options. it depedns on what you want for the full gnome desktop install 'ubuntu-desktop' ubuntu-desktop is the FULL ubuntu desktop system. it will include gdm:Pshould work on most of them  theres dozens of little tools to set the background, xsetroot is one common one. xsetroot  -solid black some cams do work as a webcam.. some dont. so it depends check the package manager - it may need some extra packages installed. locate command.  but it depends on your needs quick  way - use the terminal ' sudo adduser billgates' (or similer historycommand  has the option to clear it. that means almost as little to me as SFD :) google has their own widgets , opera can do widgits also. google widgits and opersa run on the desktop yes..  BUt i rarely use them. check the window manager/perferances area its in there some where. /msg nickserv help and read the directions ive used vga cables to a tv befor. my tv's have both.. vga and dvi its one of those Logitech G15 keyboards? given how old quake2 is.... im suprised it works. :) there may be some quake2 'updated engines' that use the data files but look better. whats your video chipset? i think you tar then - then gzip them. check the tar command options i think tar has a move option under screen saver settings, or the powersaver settings  I think. after you start recording. it puts an icon in the system tray dns are in /etc/resolv.conf i recall theres the route command I recall also.. whats the exact command you are using. Thats not correct sysntax.. apt-get install pacxkagename #python perhaps you could try going to the console and restatting the X session. 'sudo service gdm restart' are youi confuseing a Letter L with the Number 1 ? yes. weird.. i just did a update/upgrade.. gnome has a 'share the desktipo via vnc feature' or if you start vncserver  - it will create a new desktop you could access remotely i think theres a #ubuntu-ppa  but never been there i hate lubuntu not sure.. i think so..  or it calls apt.. ive never gotten the whole pictire. Ewww. check the cups.org web site to see if the canon printer is even supported does the stuff work in any other live cds ? if not.. could be some odd hardware issue. dosent work here on linux eitherYou can always enable the unity-2d for virtual machines. never noticed. i reread that twice... and makes no sence...not that ive notced. ive not messed with multi-X servers in ages however. the $299 HP desktop i got on black friday. works :)my wife manages to get all this annoying spyware.. not even sure HOW she does it.i use 'juk' - part of kde you did format that filesystem?  or was iot allready formatted?virtualbox  is under 'accessories' here for me. i would say yes.. :) unless the router is running ubuntu i tend to do cleaninstalls.. the installer can format the old system (loseing all data) or keep a seperate /home partition downgrading from gnome3 back to unity.. is very..err.. problematic i hear. reinstall would be safest/quickest option the 'pastebinit' command is also handychrome was still using wine i thought for linux.. unless i missed the Linxu release party. :) you could add the proper files to /etc/skel so the settings get copied to the newly addedusers default home dirs. use the package manager to install it. flashplugin-installer - Adobe Flash Player plugin installerthatst weird. I use hdmi or my dvi and swap them about on my nvidia systemI am using a dvi -> hdmi converter gizmo.| DEViUS: iptables -t OUTPUT -p tcp -i eth0 --dport $something -j DROP i havent messed with iptables in ages. i hear some of the newer versions of gaim have some web cam support. i doubt if thats the latest one. in 11.04 unity uses compiz. so it can have any compiz effects.. not sure about under  the current release. i tend to use Mondo/Mindi go to www.imboard.com you made a file in that dir with the name? or are you confuseing 2 different things.  i think he wants the sun java. hes using like 8.04 i think. thats weird. what video card? run that hardware-drivers tool yet? you may want to have windows scandisk and defrag befor you try to resize with gparted not really ubuntu relateed.. perahsps ask in #freenode you could use the gnome-classic desktop and install docky if you wanted.. or run docky over unity. Login screen rembers your last selectioni tend to use xchat, or irssi. rephrase that -- because it made NO sence here to me.. :) ages ago /boot/  was a common thing to have in its own partition. not so common these days in some special cases its real handy Use its settings menus? ubuntu defaults to grub.. you sure you need lilo?Yea. got NFS going on my home lan now. :) it is possible to make applictions run on the gdm desktop.   you could run a terminal, then launch some screeshot apps from it. or as root, you might be able to force an app to run on  the gdm desktop/screen. it can depend very very much on the game/program you are running. and dosbox has config files you can tweak all day long. perhaps ls | wc -w    :) i would carefully check the grub2 wiki page and forums.. or just bravely install it everywhere.. and hope it works :) not really. Unless you want to scan windows files for windows viruses yes it is. .config does not go to /boot/ lost+found is where fsck puits things if it finds filesystem errors and recovers files. access it as the root user and see whats in there. via the terminal is one way. 'sudo -s' then cd to /media/whatever/lost+found its a compiz thing.   install/check the ccsm tool. disable the plugin for transparency if you want. non canadian perhaps? then fix windows first i guess.. good luck.  I bought sco with my lunchmoney i would guess none 'standard' you can install gcc, or the sun java tools , or some of the other java packages. thats a gnome/compiz setting acutally it may be 'sudo service gdm stop' these days. set up ssh and ssh in... thats a 'warning' it sould still install. where is this openfire comming from? wait a few more weeks you could check out the 'winetricks' tool - it can set up a lot of extras for your wine setup to use. sudo service gdm stop is one wayalacarts adds some extra files in the users home. I think they get merged/override the system .desktop files edit like 54 of the file it says. It either has a typo or some other mistake. you fix it. by fixing that line. purge is an option to apt-get to remove config files. check the forums for your exact make laptop. it maybe a known bug. with some work arounbds. also be sure the thing isent just turned off. via you rlaptop  special fn keys. the 'rescue/revovery' option dident work from teh grub menus to get to a shell? so the whole problem, is you some how frogot your users password? if we say no.. what will that mean. :) register your irc nickname if you want.I cant even read english! :)!xen perhaps -> 'sudo dpkg --configure -a' or a 'sudo apt-get update' 'sudo apt-get upgrade' i suggest waiting.. unless you have some system to test out clarify what you mean... burn 10.10 cd.. boot it.. use  the partition tools to delete the 10.04 partitions. or tell the installer to reformat them. make a script that does it. and add an icon to launch that script instead. is one way its amazing the # of items in the menus that are actually scripts that do some stuff then call the actual binary that way wine path/to/whatever.exe :) they dont want 'indicator-apps' to be dynamic i guess. gnome-btdownload - is rather basic torrent client. may want to try out some of the alternatives  only seen some idiot dcc spammer here the last fe3w days you mean the samba SERVER/Service? claify what you mean. ive seen it done in the past. used to be called 'root terminals' or somthing like that. not running a terminal.. but a 'root window level terminal' ie: at the lowest level you set the permissions/owner on ntfs/vfat fildsystems when you Mount them. You dont change individual file/dir permissions i found it more worth while to learn how to use grub and reinstall the mbr as needed. :) yep. theres some # i never can rember.. sorry to hear that - i find it great  the 'su' command i think can do that.  some how. why are you logged in as guest and not the sudo enabled user? use sudo fdisk -lshe? girls dont use computers! :p its amazing the # of mice she breaks.i think the term is windows 'zombie':)'uncompress a gzip archive' to a differnt location.   :)  I think is  a little more clear.I was thinkign there was an option to do that.. but i just cd to the new dir, then gunzip /path/to/whatever.gz you could blacklist the module for the other NIC.  but does it really matter?  I recall some forum/wiki pages also on moveing eth0 and eth1 around. but ive never had to mess with it much clarify the problem. i missed it. Impressive :) vlc can also record webcams   I belive. live mode? you dont need to use the downloladed jdk at all. install the 'ubuntu-restricted-extras' package - and it will grab java and other tools you proberly want. its in the screensaver/powersaver/power settings area it was on slashdot  i think. chromeOS here they would be sitting in a room yelling about nothing. but thats ##windows :P irssi  homepage has some decnet guide/docs/tutorials sounds like a typo in what you changed. i had an odd machine once.. that desktop dident work.. alt cd did. right click on the new launcher, properties.. the icon 'box' at the top left IS a button you click to customize icon. or drag/drop an icon onto that box. shhh thats a secret.. if he knew how to do that.. then he would know  the secret handshake also! :p the people that shouled be allowed to set the root password.. should allready know how to do it. :P its like a Initation test. you can use devede to generate a iso image, or dvd iso 'files' then burn them all to dvd.. and then also burn whatever image/data files you also want to the same dvd. you proberly need to register your nick. what colored names? its a feature of your IRC client. (highlighting) i think you are the 3rd person ive sene to day that mentions some MSN connection issues i saw a forum thread on that topic. I forget what the fix was.. but it wasent too hard. dont use software center. try a 'sudo apt-get update' 'sudo apt-get upgrade' then try installing that package by hand. 'sudo dpkg -i whatver.deb' there are some ntfs tools  that can do that. never used them bit saw them mentioned in a magazine artical just today you could use the 'dd' command with the proper arguments for that..  but ive never had to do so.   google for 'backing up the mbr'   or use the grub commands to insall grub to the other drive you mean via 'sshfs' ? the command was not that i have heard of. heard it may be doable in the future well you need to burn the iso to a cd properly. or use some other method to install. theres dozens of silly things you can do to your desktop go spend a few hours playing with 'conky' ive seen it not change till yuou log out/back in. some apps wont see the change, so will show the old pointer untill they get restarted. that the one that comes with cedega? what program says it needs activex? it wasent even totally visable on my netbooks display. the xrandr tool perhaps. it may depend on your video chipset. My BIOS settings on my laptop also have such a setting. theres some other woarkspace switcher indicator-applets out there you can  tryUnless its a badly burnt cduser 'ubuntu' password 'blank' (ie just hit return) google for wifi crack tutorials. and it prboberly not worth trying.. orth reading about to see how others may try to do it.. fire up the package manager... select.. install... its shown at the normal download sites.  it might be using upstart now. see if it has a config in /etc/init  (or it may not) I dont know what services are getting moved to upstart. the users can select what wm touse from the gdm login screen and it will rember. or edit their dmrc file thats the theory. boot live cd. repair grub. totally depends on your work. Verly likely its not going to be possible then. clarify what you mean. i would say check the vmware docs.  You Might need to run gparted in vmware and enlarge the virtual partition. or there may be some vmware specific commands that can do it. yes it is.. and no i dont remember how. I recall the maximus program being  needed to be manually disabled. nvidia? try a clean install of 9.10 is another option. if you make a /home/username/bin   that Should get seen/added to your default path. at least it does from my .profile or .bashrc Hmm they see them here last i checked.. at least alt-f2 does be more specific to the channel please.theres that round to  boundries that the partition tools try to do these days. may be the reason x26sround to nearest cylinder? (i cant rember now) its 5 am ;) share as in using 'samba' you mean look on the linux side. and the stuff is proberly there..  samba is hideing it from the clients i think there will be some warning from the apt tools.. but i think it will work you could unload the module it uses.. but On my laptop - it does turn off the webcam unless its in use.. so im not sure yours dosent first guess.. you dont have the proper video card drivers installed. ive gotten where i perfer weechat to irssi these days. make a /etc/fstab entry for it perhaps. a perl script.. or any other language you like. you trying to use the gnome vnc feature btween 2 linux box's or what excactly? verbatim  is right. export  sets the variable for all spawned child processes also. what video chipset? its possible the propriety drivers dont support that card. make a script or use 'sleep 10000 && wget commmand'  (changeing the #) im not sure anyone knows whta you mean. :P then he will say youve faked them it works decently well. lacking in a few ways, but over all - very useable i think its some cellphpne thing you mean a usb-wireless doo-dad? :P well.. all i can say is ... good luck. :P then you really cant be 100% sure then i dont think if you 'chroot' the term 'virtual' applies. and  it may take some setting up to run any X apps from a chrooted enviroment.Ive seen some vmware guides  on how to get vmware to boot a 'isntalled os from a hard drive' - it takes a bit of manual editing of the vmware config files I belive check /etc/init/ i seem to recall somthing related to that in there. but i never looked into it much thisis close --> control-alt-delete.conf   - it controlsl what happens when ya hit alt-ctrl-del. there may be a simile rthing for power down grub2 has some command line options - yes.. check the grub2 docs .  i cant recall how to get a directory listing. proberly ext3 or ext4 they are the most common yes.. should be able to.. you are still using WUbi? or using a normal install now? theres some guides/forum threads with good info on a lot of that -> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1195275  is one - check   http://delicious.com/dr_willis/grub2  for some others if you are refering to closing firefox. there are extensions for koisk fetures for the browser. you are running nvidia-settings with root permissions? Ive had some odd nvidia cards that would only see the tv out/extra monitors IF they were plugged in when the system booted. You can install and run kde apps on gnome if you want. so you want to take a series of snaps from a video and make a collection? i think ive seen where you can make mplayer, or ffmpeg (or both) take frames... but thats about all i know of.   not seen anything to order them in a nice neat layout when you installed ubuntu it should of had a GRUB  menu installed to pick what OS to Boot.. Unless you used the WUBI install under windows method. vi and emacs are time tested classics. :) gvim and 'cream' use synaptic and checkthe package and see what files it did install.. thus getting the name to use from there. try #winehq - they are the wine experts and the wine app database an old ati card proberly uses the opensource drivers.. and wont work with the newer ati drivers. check in #ubuntu+1 it works on windows and linux. you chroot into your installed disrto and use its command/tools. use partiton tools to d3elete partitons.. reinstall bootloader for the OS you want to use. it should add an entry to the menus when you install it. You might need to logout/back in for it to show up 1000's of ssies out there with info onwhatever soecific topoic you want to learn what language are you using to program in? it makes sence that it does come on.. if you had a bluetooth keyboard/mouse - it would suck if it dident. :)GO try it befor you rant about it i had no issues with it.. it ran fine for me.. had a blast. ffmpeg or mencoder can also make them . i saw some at get-deb.net (or whatever its called) 'average  user' = total idiot - from MS's point of view.. and they still screw things up i learned more from using Linux then i ever learned from windows. :P yes it is. :PGiB vs GB (or was it Gb) has confused a lot of people. :)including me. usb hard drives can change ' /dev/sdX' entries dependind on how the system boots...  this is why normally you use UUID's to mount them/tell them apart this is linux.. use wht you like.. :) i doubt if many of us even knwo what a 'SAS HD' even is. becauise you need to set the permissions/ownership of the filesystem to be read/writeable by the users in questiomn theres proberly such tools.. but i imagine most are not trival to use. (well not trivial to understand what they are saying) :) ive seen tools that check for memory allocation issues, and other bad coding practices. over the years. i find that many sites  break things the way they force comercials into the other vidoes becaiuse you need to register/identify your nick. you may want to check out the advanced bash scripting guide. It has some examples of doing things like that. One way is to use backticks or the $() syntax. :) i torrent and irc and web surf all the time its normally teh Upload speeds that lag me outOk.. whch is better? vi or emacs? :) gets more chicks... see cups.org it routes teh connection, so the local apps can use it for the network connection. Or you can ssh to a remote. run an app. and have it appear locally. If you set it up right edit your /boot/grub/menu.lst properly. (MAKE A BACKUP) and carefully read the comments in the file You cant really delete the last panel. set it to autohide very fast. go tell the #gnome devs no idea. could be the vbideo card taking some of the ram. depends on what you are doing. VirtualBox has improved lately - where i use it more then vmware. but the next vmware releases - has some neat new features. check the lynx docs/config files perhaps. 5% is reserved for the root 'recovery' type tasks.. by default. check your 'trash' perhaps.. ive seen linux live cd's with rescue/reg edit features like that dragged' what exactly to the dvd?  somefilename.iso ? or some other files?install 'cheese' and run cheese and see if webcam works. sudo apt-get install cheese, or use the software center there was work on a free PDF book..  but ive not checked into that lately theres 'using ubuntu' then theres 'good linux books' :)   Problem  can be that any books out now . are going to be a little out of date in 2 months when the next release is out. umount has a force option root can use. and the eject command can open the cd door. :) depends on what you are going to do with it. Ram will be the major bottle neck. More ram would be a big boost in your case. now thats... just.. weird. i drag/drop the icon to the desktop and see what its launching. :) you can set the keyring to use a 'blank' password. and it will never ask for the initial keyring passsword. it wull use ;'unsafe storage' also. theres a web site  that reviews most window managers. google for 'window managers for x'  (its like plig.org)  and see what you like it all depends on your needs and what you want to have/not have. clarify the site, and exact problem speak to the channel.. not  by pming me. i use it all the time. i suggest upgrading to the latest version 0.3.x you mean the 'ssh' client? then for windows theres. 'puty' and 'winscp' send it to me.. :) heh -  i always got geexbox on a little partition on my laptop.actually the 'server' install may not like a netbook.unetbootin way too much work? about 3 clicks and its done.. gksudo gedit /etc/hosts now use the res tool depends on the errors. all i can say about 'gnash' is it dont work very well and thers no 'adobe gnash'   theres flash and 'gnash' and installing/removein those things can really goof up eachother.  could be it was written for an older kernel that had that 'file' or for specific hardware that has that file the gpl iced tea java is in thee repos.. what are you going to be doing ith your java? plug it in - and it 'should' show up as a usb drive. check the output of 'dmesg' as ya plug/unplug/plug it in. not all videos use html5 even if its selecgted. and really theres not a lot we can do about adobe flash.  you could try the chromium and google chrome browsers all i can say is flash can be flakey.  thats why im in the habbit of using a flash downloader tool all the time and just watching the converted videos some of them even work! :) it workd ok on my imac-dv :P \ assume we have the attention span of a newt... we dont know what you are talking about. yes.linux can access your windows partitions.did you set the wallpaper to be one on a windows drive/ does the normal ubuntu apps see it? im not sure wine apps can even burn to cd/dvd/ ive never tried. Theres plenty of DVD/cd native tools i use i just use the printer config tool on the clients and config them to use the print-serverno need to use 2 partitionsi havent seen any bigger then 3tb hds.. i thought 4's were due out firewire should work. every so often with my usb ntfs disks - i boot to windows and have windows check/defrag them - depeneidn on how much ive been using the ntfs filesystems about once every month.  just to be safe  on 'bootup' is different then  when 'user logs in'  so tell the channel what these scripts do!dialup!info samba-doc it wouldent make sence for it to delete/modify existing partitions.  but you may want to ask for clarifiation in #windows ive never 'reinstalled' windows 7 yet. sudo fdisk -l, to see a list of seen fileysstmes make a icon on the desktop that launches nautilus theres also a 'unsupported/unofficial' tool called 'ubuntu tweak' that lets you easially change those kind of settings.If anyone knew - they proberly would have answered TheHackOps .. you may want to check the forums becasuse i dont give a *#*@ try running 'gnome-session' from the terminal.. also yoy may want to try a 'sudo apt-get update' 'sudo apt-get upgrade' from the terminalits best to partion, install windows on the first part of the HD. and Linux on the 2nd part thats covered in the wiki in some detail. not sure thgat one exists. for windoes apps in wine. check the wine app database.. ive used it in the past from the terminal ' gksudi ntfs-config'  it worked.. then would crash when i exited it. :) i just use the one in the package manager. I never downioad it from adobes site the audio/hdmi audio - can be an issue more flexiable and configurable.. also easier to get lost in. :) its actually a slow day today in here.i belive ya can mouse over the pager and scroll the wheel. :P or ya can look at the gnome key binding perferance program and see. you mean 'mount the 2nd hard drive' whats on the drive now? try 'UBUNTU_MENUPROXY=1  gedit'   see if you get a menu so its is the global menmu causing the issue. You can disable the global menu. IN a file? or part of a file name? use grep no.thst wont work. use a tool toput theiso on the  USBproperly check the pendrrivelinux site forothermac toolsand guides. read up on the topic  a good deal befor starting. :) it helps.. :) you wont gain the full benifits of using ext4 that way.  You can convert.. but its proberly not worth it. if you mean in 'OpenOffice' you may want to say so. And check the Openoffice docs/help most likely somthing to do with pulseaudio would be my guess frostwire is not a ftp client. its a P2P client. ive noticed my ip1600 also has issues... not really - check the forums and  cups.org theres an apt command that can auto remove them i thought it was 'Open Folder' :)  but ive not  really had to fix it in some time.sadly some canon printers got no linux supporyt either.. Check the cups.org web site for a start. and see if its supported by cups at all. if we all say 'NO' will that help? state the actual problem you are having to the channel and see who can help. it should update as needed whats a web site have to do with it? :) sounds like compiz may be crashing taking X with it... its easy to use other window manager.. deoends on wha tyou want you can change the xsplash stuff and the usplas ubuntu logo.  if you really want to bother. theres the 'using samba' and other docs in the 'samba-doc' packge that are worth looking at. theres the 'using samba' book and other books avail for free. and in the 'samba-doc' package. and 1000's of samba guides online ive seen 'netbook' forum threads that discuss all the options/tricks to do that. i belive the basics was to use ext2, and  move some tmp/cache dirs to ram.  was the core of most of what i recall reading when you right click on the trash icon in the panel and do 'empty trash' it sees/scans/cleans out all removeable drives trash. and in 9.10 it asks to empty the trash when you unmount the deviceheh - gee speaking of gnome.. is there a way to disable that Minimazeing/Maximazing window animation (boxx's zooming in/out) from the task bar? or if you missclick while switching apps.. ya go tto see the min animation.. then click again to bring it back.. theres a few video editing programs in the repos.. but i dont use any backtrack is not 'ubuntu' its not 'ubuntu' it has its own support channelons of the first things i always install is ssh/sshd disk space limitations you are refering to accessing a windows DRIVE on the machine you installed ubuntu to? or a windows 'share' on the same network? what does a software vision mixer do? nautilus /path/to/open this channel is world wide and i used REXX ages ago befor i learned perl. and TCL :) usibng k3b? not that i have heard of.. ive seen where the left side nick/user list gets resized where you cant see it. mouse to the side. check that its not there but made 1 pixle wide the first user can use 'sudo' you dont use 'su' for ubuntu isos use unetbootin, or the usbdisk creator tool. NOT dd. there are a FEW disrtos that have iso files you can 'dd' but not manyuse a 'useragent' switcher extension/settings in teh browser set the proper permissions on the file and the user can access it. #ubuntu+1 there are some benchmark suites out there. I forget their names. hmm.. never seen that done. ive seen several systems that goof up with some usb exteranl drives/keys - this pc wont even BOOT anything with   my new external usb HD plugged in. :) ive heard of 'revese vnc' but never used it.source, or ppa,  i would guess superjoeor find a .deb :) i think there is. but i cant rember where i saw those settings. now ya did it. gnome - you right click on whatever foo.avi extension file you want and set the default file I thinki got an 'open with > vlc' menu item for most all my bideos send $100000000000 to the following address... try /join #IamAnOpInHere totally depends on the specific game. runlevel 1 you mean? or 'single' option   is command line also i recall.. i recall the ubuntu tweak tool. let you change just that icon. but that often only worked for specific themes. i got one old box. that grub1 and grub2 both take a very long time to get to the initial grub menu.  Never have figured out why - I think it may be somthign to do with my HD/controllers tinycorelinux = 10mb :) i doubt if you waill gain anything noticeable you would be better off spending time learning bash or python, or other linux related topics then playing with the kernel. :) should be able to. You may want to use the 32bit disrto however. Unless you have a specific Need for 64bit. check the errors its recording.. and you may want to be investing in a new HD.. ive had drives with that same worning that last for a long time.. but still the hard drive is the weakest link these days as a test try a live cd. see if its faster/slower/same as a test try a different distro livecd.  for all we know the neighbors microwave could be causeing interfearance :P not seen how.. and i HATE the way windows does it. seen this mentioned in a few message board threads.. and it always ended up in a flamewar. err... you run fluxbox OR compiz.. t the usr/bin/env way is more 'system agnostic/correct'  :) state the issue to the channel.. umask command - i do belive is your answer. :P I got that working on my laptop. SUprisingly. :P with the  5.10 prerelesase. beause they are running in wine. and wine can have issues. perhapos they are offline? theres the framebuffer out features of mplayer. but im not sure how you would configure the tv out to work depends on a lot of things.. framebuffer has always been a pain. and getting the interface working in the framebuffer/mplayer can be a pain. i just use some flash grabber/converter normaly on older machines. with HTML5 thats a possibility i never see firefox crash here.... I tend to get the system configed.. then rarely need to enter the paswword..  You can get a root 'shell' via the sudo -i, if thats what you want. the fontpath hasent been needed in xorg.conf in ages. :) Normally a font server is used. (i recall) beacuse ubuntu dosent push new versions of packages onto older releases. you could paste them to pastebin :P dd wont work for that. It can work for a FEW other disrtos. but not ubuntu. use the gclipper clipborad keeper tool. is handy. check packatge manager for 'recordmydesktop' python programname.pl  (or whatever its called) you might want to reread the install directions for that program.  and be sure you spell everything correctly.     use TAB to complete the proper filenames also. ive had cases where ive needed to reboot after repartitioning a disk. for the os to see the new changes. you mean like a regular 'usb external optical drive' ?i see a lot of peopel that install it.. then it dont work.. and they have a hard time UNinstalling it. downloading the latest guest addations.. enables extra features in vbox. You may want to read the vbox manual at its homepage..... the virtual box homepage... a lot of sites dont work with gnash use dd and the proper bs and count options ffmpeg, mencoder, or front ends to those 2 like winff, or perhaps handbrake (not in the repos) winff proberly has presets for most devices. one way   tap 'alt' then enter term   should show up in the list i just use gparted to partion  mine with no issues im not sure you can export somthing back to the parrent process/shell.  that ABS guide might give some ways to do it. thata controlled by various bash 'history' setting optionsif not th3res allways the ppas you did install the decess stuff? legal reasons - most likely its graphical here. i just installed it.. (see #ubuntu+1 also) unless you grabbed the alterntive-installer cd. beta 1 is very old.. RC is out now.. use it instead. to scan widnows stuff... ;) games.. ;) if you are running 64bit disrtro you proberly want the 64bit packages ive seen hard drives die at any time.  It could of died /had an issue during the next windows boot without linux t all different design goals. to connect to the ubuntu samba shares  - i always givbe the linux user a samba password with 'sudo smbpasswd -a USERNAME' - I ioften just set the samba password the same as the users login password. ive also found in the past with  some versions of windows.   You have to have a users password. or else it gets confused trying to connect to samba shares. ive not seen any it dosent support... but  i imagine thers some it dont handle thers some other similer command in the repos also. buti forget its name check the forums for  otjher people with the same thing. :)  see who else is having issues. install ssh server on one,, install ssh client on others.. ssh to the ip of the server.. so if you had another pc on the lan. you could 'ssh the.ip.of.your.server' and hafe a shell on the server. see #ubuntu-complaints ? :) i think that bug has multi-causes.  You could just start an identd server from /etc/rc.local . Ive not needed to mess with identd in years. but i recall there being some very simple ones out. why do you want to do that? why do you need todo that anyway? the find command.. theres web sites with examples of its ussage.. it can find based on date.. lol - i saw CherryOS on some warez sites Lol. :P i just tell it the 'nomodeset' option for my nvidia systems. and they normally work for me.. i cant imagine why waiting 20 min would do anything. theres wiki/guides for both. with wine - yes. compiz has some settings to put specific windows in specific locations its been the default for the last 3 releases that made no sense what so ever.. rephrase the question. check your /etc/resolv.conf for starters see if it can ping google.com by its ip. and googles dns servers.  8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 - Hmm... thats an interesting question. why dont we ask WHAT you are trying to do. :P check the wine appdatabase for potential issues/work arounds.  Run it from terminal, and look for informational error messages. read the 'advance bash scripting guide' for a start. it gives examples. not without a good chance of breaking the system make a 2nd account.. takes all of 10 sec. whats your video chipset? you may need to enable the 3d driverswhat if   http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/goes down? :) check the wine app database. marketing terms. and 5% reserved by ext2/3/4 start with rar --help, or rar -help thats an annoying securty thing.. You could use 'wine /path/to/whatever.exe' live cd,  or recovery mode if you can get to the console. you could do a 'sudo service gdm restart' and force X to restart. check the wikis and forums. theres a few extra packages/repos you got to add and install. actually last night - i dieent have to add any odd repos. Just had to install a few dozen packages :P if its started by the /etc/init/WHATEVER file you can  some how disable it   :) move the file out of the dir.. or  i think theres a cleaner way.. (i still havetn found some good beginner upsartat docs)heh - the site i picked seems to be down.. I just pinged a web suite and got the ip#. but it seems the site doswnt work that way you can try 'ddrescue' or 'dd_rescue' to image it to a file. then try to recover data from that file.Hmm.. Someone want to check to see if the 'default' wallpaper is named /usr/share/backgrounds/warty-final-ubuntu.png  ? that seems like an odd name for it to be using. ok. :) i thought that seemed.. weird.. i guess it was easer to change that file. then for them to change the scripts and settings you are in the wrong dirctory perhaps... try ls -l configure you wish to mount the fileysstem on /dev/sda1 to  the location /srv  - that looks bout right.. You may want to try diffrent options  (i dont recall what realtime does) thats doable with the gimp and some skill. dont think thats doable with gnome. Huh? :P you testing out that peer guardian? i was a few mo. ago. Not any more. the chooser? Ive never dual-booted on my mac. so it alwyas booted straight to linux. any time ive had ntsc instead of pal (or visa versa) it gave no picture not faded colors.  Only time ive seen faded/lacking colors is if the cable/pins/ports are bad.:  you did install the desktop edition? it 'roxxors your soxxors' :) get it right! 'the terminal' is gnome-terminal you mean? it can do any terminal stiuff you need disable the 'gdm' service - thtas what starts up X. so register you rnick and identify check 'dmesg' output after  You plug it in - see if the kernel messages mention any problems 'metacity --replace' is one way also or install/use fusion-icon  (if you want to switch quickly tween the 2) make a /etc/fstab entry by hand. the ntfs-3g docs/homepage gives examples.. ive no idea how raid afects that i seem to recall windows reserving some % of network banwith for somthing.. i forget what.. check the package manager. theres some in there not installed by default its in the parteters repo. 'startx' for a single time.. or restart the gdm service. you did a normal install? how dod you disable gdm? its a service you set to launch at boot. why not connect the two so they aer networked? that will make thins a lot easier. otherwise you some how have to copy the /var/cache/apt dir over to the other pc. try a differnt terminal program perhaps.  or check your settings for the gnome-terminal app. sounds like somthing is goofed up badly however.   You could try alt-f2 and run a 'xterm'  if its installed ask in #debian perhaps. should  be 'possible' the irc server just versioned you... not a big deal. yep. and that can get.. confuseing heh the gdm loign screen has a menu to select what desktop to use. try gnomebaker or k3b or other tools hd(0,0) MAY be hda1 not that ive seen.. i know a few good web sites. check out  http://theravingrick.blogspot.com/2011/04/my-effort-at-writing-help-for-unity.html Not been on Dalnet in ages. :) I used to be there all the time. use fdisk and look at how its partioned. i think ive seen them in stores. the APC brand i think. they are pretty common with a USB port on them. depends on your needs i imagine. http://wiki.linux-ntfs.org/doku.php?id=ntfs-en#can_i_mount_an_ntfs_volume ive seen bluetoothe keyboard/mice used befor. (never owned one) so it might be possible unless those things count as 1 device. :) linux can read/write ntfs decently well these days.  as for (2) -  blame the company making the recovery cds perhaps ask in #windows -  thers vast differanfes in what 'restore' cd's can do.. vs a real 'install' cd. ubuntu dosent really use runlevels for anything. ive seen that asked befor.. but never seen a good answer. :()a fix is mentioned at --> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1101618 xchat has settings in its url handler/settings  for some oddreason it has  not been set propelry by default  in many releases try karmic see if it works good.. if not use jaunty  i play them all the time in vlc/xine/gmplayer so use some of the other desktops theres   kde, gnome-shell, lxde, xfce, and others.. install/run ntfs-config and it might add the thing to the fstab if yiou are not logging into gnome to start the remote desktop, then you have to use  a normal 'vncserver'  setup. Or else set up the box to aut0-login to gnome not  that ive seen. sort of pointless  if all you need to do is start 'vncserver' and have IT start up gnome..  theres not need to have gnome running on the remote 'visible' desktop!swatI forget how you even get to SWAT. cant say that ive noticed the issue.. and see #ubuntu+1 sudo apt-get install nvidia-XXXXXXX where XXX is the right version i think.the source command thers 1000's of web sites and books and guides otu there on usibng 'bash' and thet termnial check delicious.com under the 'bash' and 'terminal' tags also. but faster is better! :) i also seem to recall there being work on a Linux NAtive Ultima Online Client.!eboxperhaps zentyal/ebox i think its comthing like 'emacs-nox' given how much youve modified things.. the forums may be the best bet they can be png. dont know what to do about what?just tried.. or did remove... Laurencebflash     is always a problem clarify that a bit.. you mean from teh 'terminal on a diffrent machine on the lan'? i imagien  mysql has security settings to only allow the 'local machine' to connect to the service. check the mysql docs/configs  would be the place to begin. details would help.. control codes? such as? that would depend on the irc client i imagine also.. what are you expecting to happen?try the 'who' command No its not 9.04 is out. and 9.10 is due out in about a month or so logout of X. then hit alt-ctrl-backspace i think you maybe out of luck. it has a rather large manual at its homepage..  what do you mean by 'fixed hard drive' ? a live cd is booting from the cd. you dont even need a HD on the system. i would guess the cd is either burnt badly or theiso image was bad,ive used seval machines in past that were Live-cd only. No hard drives at all. ive used the command 'sudo dpkg-reconfigure grub-pc' to have grub get installed to other hd's you proberly dont. :) theres to many of them teres so many channels many irc clients get flooded off by the huge list comming at them perghaps the window applet in the panel crashed. You should see a list at the bottom  panel. ask and see I guess. :) its a suggestion for anyone with cd issues on install. :) plus installing from flash is a lot faster i find. hmm -  what cd exactly? most of the music copy protections ive heard of are so trivial to get around - a fast google search should get ya some info. please join #automatix and backup your system first. :)wowsers - i finially got wireless working. :P you have to mount the ntfs with the proper options, and perhaps set apache up to follow links and ignore any  security warnings it may warn about from  accessing the ntfs with the options means you want to make a fstab entry using ntfs-3g using the proper ntfs-3g options.!broadcomeasiest would be to run a wire for 15 min. to get the drivers never noticed...  never needed to.  Not sure why you need to...  you mean 'clone the permissions/groups  of one user, and apply them to a diffrent user?' - check /etc/default/hdparm the option will be '-d1' dd if=/dev/dvd of=dvdfile.iso bs=2048                 should make a image of it. :) ive had no issues with multimointors on my nvidia cards  .. in ages. :) works great Guarentted or your $$ back! now ya know why i went back to the old 2.4 xchat. depends on the # shareing the torrent. might be fast... might be slow. fdisk -l    - should show it. you did check in #xubuntu ? other t hen some tweaking . you dont configure unity a lot. did you check the ubuntu forums yet? check the wine app database for any known issues. its not really a ubuntu specific issue. theres also the #winehq channel and the wine forums.  it may be its failing to unmount them properly when shutting down. the cd wont let you install kubuntu onto a ubuntu install. use package manager is safest you mean the compiz keys>? or gnome keys? compiz has its own set.. and gnome has its own. You can del;ete the right config files in your home to get back to defaults.. but you want to be carefull with that. in grub2 i think theres a setting in /etc/default/grub ive had so many issues with samba its been scary.. but its been issues in the last few releases. Dident notice the same issues in 10.04 at all. But it may depend on how you are using samba never heard of blacktrack... you mean BackTrack? you got your  /home on its own partition? backup your /home some how. for many ati cards these days.. you cant use their Properitary drivers any more. you mean the Plymouth Animation during boot up? there is no real splash screen... then he dosent need a xorg.conf most likely - it wont work check the forums.. I think theres some backports or ppa repos with it. thats contrilled by the various grub 2 configs /etc/default/grub and /etc/grub.d if using the framebuffer theres the fbset command alt-f2 'xkill' then click the skull on the offending apps window.. and ONLY that apps window. :) or right click to cancle. :) Oh?  ive had no issues. theres some very high quality keyboards out. (like that 'daskeyboard' or its original form with letters on the keys) that may be what you want try the esc key? you may be refering to the 'hug' or the 'dash' which can pop up with a keypress you mean at login you get what looks like a normal xterm terminal? you can add an entry to the /etc/hosts as a work around. in /etc/hosts  add -->  66.163.181.170 scs.msg.yahoo.com Yell some more. :P or ask a question and see which works better i have. :P i isntalled the nvidia drivers. and the thing defaulted to the tv out.. i had to twiddle with twinview to get X back off the tv. :P how is it connected to the tv? it tries to auto-detect the monitor i belive in theory any vnc client should work with any vnc server so? its a dependency. makes sence.  type 'wget' at a terminal.. see if its installed. you may have to hit the avidemux homepage/forums for that.   Could be it cant handle it. i think that program is a front end to ffmpeg  (or mencoder) it may be you need to give it some customzed option for the subtitle settings also. gtk is a library used by gnome.. kde uses qt instead of gtk. (i think i got that right) (very simpilified) theres a --config or similer option to tell X what config to use. with cygwin you can get X and gnome going. i Think... :P latest opera.deb from the opera web site works. and adds a repoistory to the system to keep it updated uninstall the google-chriome-unstable pacakge first ask your questions in here. I basically Ignore all IM's icon for what? right click, select its properties and look in there this is an irc support room for Ubuntu theres the 'brainstorm' ubuntu site for  suggesting new things.. you could ask in #xubuntu if no one in here knows. (I sure dont know) that used to be a gnome option. No idea if its still there or not. ive no issues with the nvidia drivers on my 3 nvidia systems..  a lot just depends on the chipset i think games homepage, and docs, and proberly forums also. ubuntu homepage? considering most of the docs are in a wiki format.. it changes daily connedt to any of the freenode servers clarify what you mean. You can select classic (old style) desktop or unity.(ubuntu) at the GDM login screen on the LOGIN screen theres a menu at the bottom after you enter your user name so you have tried every video in the world on every player that exists? sad.. i would say install the mplayer and vlc, and the w32codecs package from medibuntu. but sinceyou allready tried every player out there..... :P :) and yes Ubuntus installer could use a little work.. it pays to be VERY VERY carefull when partitioning the hard drive.. so what is your specific issue? took me 10 min.. on my new laptop.. brought it home.. rezided the hd. installed linux. :Pits possible your sound card int he laptop is not supported. Good idea to search google for 'your specific laptop brand and linux ' /etc/apt/sources.list you could check askubuntu.com  but you have to get some 'points' on it to get into their chat  except for read only viewing. :) theres basically only the adobe flash player. and yes.. it has issues. :) the ati web site. but i reccomend using the ones in the repos. not when i have other options.. cant say that ive ever seen an issue with it. and ive only seen  a few people in jhere ever have an issue with it. somedays you just have to bite down and learn some bash basics... this may be such a case. bash is not to hard to learn. just be sure to spell correctly and get teh spaces in the right places encoding and other math intensive tasks can gain a speed boost. i use 64bit on all my machines that can do 64bit. one way ' sudo service gdm stop' theres the 'tweak ubuntu' (unofficial) app that can change those default locations. (its proberly a gnome-conf setting also) clarify that a bit...  sticks out? you can set up gdm to auto login as a specific user. you mean installed  Under windows with 'wubi' or did you boot from usb and install  that way? its a service. if its installed.. it should auto staert. or use the command 'sudo service SERVICENAME start'!prelinkI dont see what prelinking would affect the dvd drive  however. You mean dvd videos are not playing as well? that can break things badly if it even works its wlan0 here... ive not tried it. because those sites  often do goofy things.. and of course adobe/flash under linux is often goofy also try entering the full path to the share. smb://server/sharename thats the bash prompt stff if you are refering to the info at the 'start' of every command line. yes. the bash prompt howto - is a must read. :) i use 'k3b' to burn them :P from the # of people ive seen with 'upgrade' issues.. id have to say fresh install - if you can. 'the fs-drivers' ? perhaps 'sudo apt-get dist-upgrade' or just a normal 'sudo apt-get update' and 'upgrade' given what i 'hear' its best to just stick with ext3. any time ive seen people try to disable pulse.. they end up breaking things more. open how/with what? could be the log file is so huge it crashes the appGiB vs GB (or was it Gb) has confused a lot of people. :)including me. they have the #ubuntuone channel. or was it #ubuntu-one run them from the shell and see what they say 'executables' is vague run the 'terminal' program and you got a shell.  ./programnameofexe would run it. What are you truing to run Exactly? the use of the $ at the front proberly confused him if he cut/pasted it sudo dpkg-reconfigure gdm it worked for me last i tried it.. but i cant recall its name. :) i thought the parted_server thing was a backend to the parted front end. im not even sure what your orignal problem is...not sure thats a feature of the ubuntu live cd's at this time.. Seen other live cd's that can do that however.i always just set the jumpers to cable select. perhaps it was the gnome devs that did it.. You could also just use the cups web interface. check the openbox docs.. it may not be possible. smplayer, vlc, gnome-mplayer, the fluxbox homepage has docs on fluxbox ibelibve No. :Pgeneric drivers? I imagine they would be included by default meta-coder . no idea.  Ive never needed a driver for my cable modem. but ive never used asdl. you mean remove the entry from the grub boot menu? - why bother.  keep it as a backup/failsafe entry and kernel. are you using the user you made at install time? or some other user you added later? thats why then. yes they can (at least virtualbox can) however the Vbox suggest you DONT do it. the vbox docs suggest converting the 'real' hd to a 'copy' in an image file to try it.theres alwyas possibilites for problemsit pays to  Know your grub patience is a virtue. and the wiki/forums are also great you could give a LITTLE more details - so we dont play 20 questions to get to the real problem.  You might need to do the chmoding on the server side/end  check the nfs docs?  that sounds like the sort of thing that from a security point of view. nfs would be stopping thers also Opera 'dmesg' heh - i gave away a external firewire drive case the other day whats pi^2*r=  :) firefox has bajizillions+ of extensions.. check the ff extension site it all depends on the details use whats in the repos. unless you have some specific needs for newer versions, then theres Unsupported PPA's out for most things. chmod +x foo.sh   ./foo.sh or sh foo.sh gmplayer has settings inits menus/control settings area for that. mplayer  with no gui. proberly has a config file not a lot of people use wubi.  You can some how boot a live cd and mount th wubi 'drive image file' and access your files and back them up your cd is in your sources.list for some reason. icedtea java is in the normal repos. Sun java is in teh Partner repos. use the package manager tools to install flash properly. does flash work in other browsers? you could put it in rc.local an duse the proper 'su' command/options to run it as a differnt user from what OS? VNC can do it.. freeNX can.. or ubuntu to ubuntu, just 'X' or 'ssh' can do it.. so 'yes' but it depends on the details. :) check out  the 'meet the gimp' web site with video tutorials.  I only notice my usb hard drives spinning down. I never seen my / spin down. thers the pendrivelinux web site that also has tools - if unetbootin fails.. what does the flash drive do when yoy try to boot it? updated how exactly? check what /dev/dvd and /dev/dvdrw and other /dev/XXX links are pointing to theres always a way boot, install, reboot.. eject cd as it reboots is normally what happens here it does run FROM the cd durin the 'live session' Some mini disrtos dont. it does it automatically for the most part some things like printers might need some tweaking. or if you switch video cards that may need a little hand work i dident notice..  sorry.  I cant recall ever using apt-get remove. :) quick and dirty and not very good way.. edit the /etc/hosts on every machine. :) yep. thats about it here. there may be some more UBUNTu specific wiki/forums on that card. Debian is not exactly Ubuntu no idea - i gave up on Creative cards aftger the x-fi disaster. So havent ever tried one.  I imagine theres some mention of them in the ubuntu forums. Ive seen questions about them in here. but never tried one in a very Vague loose way. :P personally - i dont like OS-X and the 'emulate this or that' is a moot point.. why not be BETTER. i tried it.. was fairly simple.. but DONT try it. :P it dident work worth a *$&#&# lots of more eye candy. the bot trigger is '!nounity' !things trigger the bot to spit out  frequently needed answers and responzes. :) ive never had any issues with it.. i imagine it depends on the exact chipset/hardware not in KDE or gnome - that ive seen.. sadly. some other window managers have that feature no idwea what you mean by ssh menu. 10.04 is the date of release there is no exact date might want to check out the 'samba-doc' package - it included 2 books (in html format) that cover a lotof that info. ive not noticed it being slower.. now FLASH  is not optmized under linux.. 'fish thing' ?check the compuiz effects  settings tool. 'ccsm' only the first user you made is in the 'sudoers' groups looks like some Karamba/SuperKarmaba widgets most tools scan file for windows viruses/malware :) not linux ones. linux is an operationg system. No windows needed at all. boot the cd.. install.  and id go 64bit on 64bit hardwareNasa? watching the shuttle land? :) diffent installer also. text based on server. hold down alt key, click, drag use ./command the current diretory is NOT in the default path. depends on how slow your cd is. :P and fast your usb thumb drive is. i say stick with 32bit for the forseeable future thers also webcasts of 'using the gimp' i recall :) yea. some tools it takes a little video to figure out what they are actually for. :) you can access your old ubuntu install.  and copy stuff elsewhere. it dosent show up in the places menu? You could try mounting it by hand. just running evince  does not crash? not very easially. what do you mean by command input? a lot of games need to be configured to access the  proper (changed  some time ago) place. :) theres aparently a lot of issues with Unity and dual monitor setups. so watch out. why do you even want to do that? use of the 'find' command. can proberly do that once ya learn the proper syntax. i always have to look it up always test out find statemets with 'echo' beofr actually using 'rm' in them. Just in case theres a mistake in them good for what?Darryl you mean it boots to the 'console'  (black screen with LOGIN: at the bottom) ? which disk? you can always edit the fstab. and it will mount at boot time you extract the first one and it should get the data fromthe other  2 as needed'yes' :) thats normally how it does it. You could set up fstab entries if you wanted that made no sence. you can easially install 'kubuntu-desktop' afterwards.. would be tghe same for ubuntu -see the paste.. and back it up next timewhy d you bneed to boot to winbdows to delete linux?the installer can do that. you could grep the files in /etc/ and find out. :) looks like /etc/enviroment perhaps :)!pathBash Basics :) install the os.. then install teh vbox guest addations.for a start how did you install them.. and what is your video card? and the problem is i dont see how it can to be honest.. a user running firefox shouldent be able to replace the system wide firefox.Guest2396:  that low of ram will be VERY VERY limiting.   More of a limit then the CPUGuest2396:  You may have to go some console/text only route. Just at startup? if you need the new features upgrade.. if not.. dont :) you can LABEL a ext2/3/4  fileysstem with the tune2fs command.. but not having a label wont prevent you frp, resizeing it perhaps clarify what you are trying to do. ive used it ages ago... state the problem to the channel and see what people can do buntu-desktop is just a meta package.. go ahead and remove it some possible fix's at => http://sites.google.com/site/alucidfs/how-i-do theres always the forums and wiki pages i havent even seen/noticed the original problem. So cant really suggest anything else. apt-get install opera, or dillo, or whatever ya want with the proper iptables command and options to it..  and No i dont know what one you need. :) make a backup iof the file and try it and see what it does. :) i always do clean installs demand a refund. if you have a support question - please state it. i set up 1 pc to be a 'apt cacheing server' that way allupdates are only downloaded once check what 'ps ax | grep ssh' shows  perhaps it works very well for me when i use it. i saw a 'ppa purge' script on some ubuntu site the other day i imagine most these days are usb2 its a security issue. use the 'sudo' command - root's login ability has been disabled. be sure to not kill off the ssh ports. :P the ubuntu repos dont keep up to date with it.. If you want the latest use teh winehq reops theres proberly 'stable' vs 'testing' versions also..wine or one of its vairants yes. See the wine app database for info on specific gamesThere used tobe some mirror-select tool i recall ages and ages ago.. but i cant recall ever using it in ubuntu. that may be where i rember it from clarify 'how' you are trying to install an nvidia card. set it to not use a password.. let me find this video i made see  http://drop.io/dr_willis  under Movie for how to set the password theres some special key seqwuence you use to get to the ppc macs firmware but they use different terms for the stuff in my old imacDV the silly display was always shifted over to the left about 4 characters.. made it a pain to use. ive seen that issue with the GNOME vino vncserver. but not with tightvnc. or vnc4server.. never did see a fix for it. i recall a new vncserver called 'tigervnc' I think. :) saw some ppa's for it  a few months back. thers a Music directory in the users Home. firefox stores the favorites in the users .mozilla/XXXXX directory somewhere servers are loaded today a terminal can only use specific kinds of fonts.. many people like the 'terminus' font for their terminals sudo service http start    (or apache2 ) if you installed it - it should auto start try a sudo apt-get dist-upgrade ? dd command can do that. or somthing like that.. is the script using Bash or sh? can you be a little more vague? :) the site Opens here.. fine.. im not going to register on it just to checkit out... so give more details perhaps as to whats not working. i just use a text editor to read the silly .nfo files i find. :) i think there might be one or 2 nfo specific tools in the repos. check teh fluxbox forums. I seem to recall seeing that done.. but i dont recall how$ grep PATH .*shows it in .profile   ;) check www.cups.org /msg nickserv help ive installed it to virtualbox befor. Yes. dont just make it writeable.. thats a big security issue.. and proberly why its complainujng there was no need to make it writeable.. 'sudo vi /whatever/ should of worked..   the proper way is with 'visudo' I think.. most all of them are front ends to the same few command line tools.. so its just a matter of taste. update/upgrade, and it will be final./yes. thats Ubuntu basics :) for installing stuff. weechat, or irssi rather trivial last i messed with it. You may want to check out the Upstart Init system. and docs for Upstart. the init.d stuff is slowly getting phased out!upstart reset what? theres a undoo featureIm trying to rember who was trying to play Starcraft earlier today in wine.. Its working fine for me in wine. :)I finally found my cd. Ubuntu follows a 6 Mo release schedule. except for critical/security updates - things  dont get 'updated' in midrelease. if you want the PPA version then enable/use the PPA repo. steam and some games work with wine!aptoncd | StorlekThe default 'movie player' icon - launches 'totem' last i checked. use the package manager to remove them. Or that 'janitor/cruft remover' tool. tell the channel the samba issue you are having? trying to read 'greek alphabet named files' ? 'locate' or 'find' or 'which' or whereis theres ntp services/tools to sync the time to network time servers in theory it should of launched a file manager, the thing should  be accessed via /media/SOMTHING bash basics.. use the &  at the end of the command. read up on bash job controll in the various bash docs/books/guides you do know that Youtube can use the HTML5 video codec/setting and not need flash :) you can uninstall it yes.. but that may not be causing the crash.. the crash may be making IT crash and gernate the error. you expect the numpad to do both at the same time? theres a 'accessability' feature of that. tell the channel how you get internet.. asking for 'help' over and over.. tends to get you iognored mixxing 64 and 32bit is not a good thing. :)  it MIGHT work if you had a 32bit install. if you can find the source deb . you may be ble to recompile it. 10-20gb is Plenty for many people i find. see #ubuntu+1 for 11.04 'ssh' is the answer to that..  once you install the ssh server on the other box. im not sure there is a 'install grub legacy instead of grub2  command like option' its the date of release. seems tobe a user manual/docs at its homepage -> http://aptoncd.sourceforge.net/ it could be its finding newer versions on the net. unplug the nic i gues.. or check the pograms docs.. it may hae an option. I recall some gconf2  setting to do that.. but not done it/tryed it in ages.. sounds like a video driver issue/glitz leaving artifacts makes me glad i dumped ati 2 yrs ago yes. :) discussion of it in #ubuntu+1 or try 'sudo service SERVIECNAME reload' minor changes.. or ya can install the old gdm if you wanted to. not really worth the hassle slax uses its own special package system.. check its docs. how vague... thats a PPC imac? i dident notice that issue on my iMACDV - but i dont knwo what video card it had. they wine games or native linux games? you normally dont download it. :P just 'sudo apt-get install whatever' time to read a few apt-get docs/howtos :P write a clearer question. if you search the package manaer.. theres only like 3 or 4 of them. :) you can use the normal gnome file manager to access ssh/sftp systems a url to what exactly? you can download them from ubuntu.com and your video card is? you may need to reinstall the nvidia drivers and/or run the nvidia-settings tool to set teh proper res. its a slow day actually  proberly 100 ways to do that. :P!unitygnome-shell is a shell for gnome!ics | YezYez check out the ip-masquerading howto. the gdm config file has  the auto-login settings in it. somewhere.. he said it was on a lan. :) you can install the tools to do jave development - yes... its in the package manager. install 'ubuntu-restricted-extras' and itwill install java and other stuff you proberly want like 3 lines -->  #!/bin/sh    cd /path/to/go    wget thething make it in a file. make it executable,. chmod +x thescript   give cron the FULL path to the script there IS a feature where you can mouse to a corner and get a expose (showing all the windows in a smaller layout)Install the program ntfs-config  it configures the ntfs.vfat stuff its proberly allready loaded the modules sudo fdisk -l that 'metisse' (spelling) fancy window manager is a neat alternative. you are running csh instead of bash?  to change the default shell use the chsh command  sudo cat /dev/SERIALPORT   :)  for down and dirty watching  perhaps you really DONT want to 'go download  the nvidia driver' from their web site. Use the one  in the repos. sudo service gdm stop    is a better way its using Plymouth now. Not usplash or whatever other splash's have beenused in the past. its possible it has no support at all. Theres a small set of people that seem tobe responsible for all webcam drivers. you may want to test out the 10.10 release tahts in testing to see if it works in there. what yave you done to try the webcam yet? i recall ubuntu had tweaked screen and  in the screen 'menus' (on f9?) it had a option to disable that.. I think they juat alter/edit the .bashrc or some other .* file depends on your budget.. stick with Nvidia never heard of it. use them,, if ya like them... good.. if not try somthing else. :P they both use less memory.resorureces then other bigger desktops!forums S3 support is in a very sad state. it might be better to do a clean install if using the netbook-remix. use the UNR img file/flashdrive to install. the UNR works great on my Aceraspireone. I just had to do like 3 little tweaks run it as root. Hmm *.* ? why not * :P hah! caught ya! for downloading what? you rfering to  Peer2Peer network client? or a web-browser assistant type client?!icscarpediem:  mount commad :) i broke some stuff doing that. :P so be carefull. security. at launch? or later? ive seen that message befor on several machines.. and the system works.. It may be somthing ELSE thats causing the issue.. you are just seeing that message  as the last thing it logs. what i am saying is the freeze mauy not be related to the 'ureadahead' message. then you will want 3 monitors.. then 4 i got 2 here.. 3 was too much hassle they are all in #ubuntu-offtopic both actually works best. :) its possible someone in the forums have allready have your issue.. but some one in here may know also see the topic the ext4 wikipedia page gives details on that exact question its just a script file. put commands in it..befor the last 'exit' statement. #ubuntu-offtopic thers dozens of themes in various ppa and other repos that  can be installed. the 'gnome-art' and a few other tools make getting gnome theme parts faily easy also and your monitor is? connectd how? chipset is? from a legal/gpl point of view - yes. :) its a service. ubuntu dosent really use runlevels.. I think the default was 3 sounds like classic overheating. could be some fans/controls are not working right. you may not want to be using WUBI and a external hd.. You can do a full 'normal' install to a external USB hd. but at the last dialog. theres a button you need to use to tell it to isntall teh bootloader to the external HD. NOT the internal drives. you may want to start from thebeginning for the channel. with what your original problem is. serch IN a file for a text string? use grep then you mean 'search FOR a file'  use 'locate' or 'find' or the other search features. yes. :) install Rar or unrar thers the computer-janitor tool that can help remove them.. but use it with care.. it likes to remove too much stuff i find.Im trying to recall what 'mac4lin' even is. wow.. such critical files!Isent there a #ubuntu-bugs channel also?I never really make new bugs.. i just confirm other peoples bugs :) they exist.. :)  care to be more specific? you dont need it.. that cedega package has a mistake in it. you can either install an older version of xlib. or edit the cedega package. Ive seen both ways mentioned on the ubuntu forums They are the date of the release could be the latest and greatest havent made it into the package systems yet. umask sets the default umask option. Things normally get mounted as root. and thats nothign to do with automounting thats the 'grub menu' swap means somthing totally different in linux terms no.. care to ask a slightly more specific question. :) if hes using grub1 :) i missed what one hes using. this what? you might want to state your irc client. and check your irc clients docs./settings/menus it is slow after a clean boot? not just after running for a long time? you can get the source debs with the package manager if you want read up on the apt manual/guides.    the 'build-dep' command  to apt-get may be whata you want. see topic in #ubuntu+1 the answer is yes close out all other apps that are update/trying to install things. could mean the module for it is not loaded. if you want a server install disk.. yes it should work.spaces in fstab are NOT escaped with a '\ 'I had to figure this out once.. i forget how ya do it. :) compiz has features to make any window tansparent via a key combo+mouse wheel. it could be no one knwos the answer..  Or are busy with other questions or all of the above :) /usr/share/backgrounds/warty-final-ubuntu.png thers some way to use the NUMPAD but i forget how theres various ways to remaster/make your own release also that include things. but it can get annoying. You can also just make a scritpt you run on each box that installs the extras you want yes desktop = live. yes. what have you done with it? what kind is it// what hae you tried so far? it should have added/made a file in /etc/apt/sources.d/ remove that file. you set a new one.. you dotn break it.. you boot a live system , or some how get to the installed os/chrot in and set a new one 'sudo service gdm restart' to 'restart X' but thats not a real fix..http://sites.google.com/site/alucidfs/how-i-do/remove-mail-icon-leave-volume-control if you created it - you will need to format it perhaps. (unless the isntaller did) it should have a entry in /media/ theres been a bug wigh some libraries/updates that broke synaptic thats it. :P remove and reinstall the libvte-common package thers some power-saveing issues with some make machines/laptops - best bet would be to check the forums for your exact make of laptop. there may be some knwown tweaks. (check askubuntu.com also) im not sure anyone understands the topic you are mentioning....   seems like a lot of random words to me. perhaps its not in your default path if using grub2 - you would edit (carefully and make backups) of the /etc/grub.d/XXXXXx scripts Not really id have to dissect the bash script and see how its gernating the info.id deletee them cheako;)  wonder how you got so much not that i have ever seen. that is a nice feauture  - i use it with my laptop and tv out all the time under windows. and windows should  use the logo 'have you prayed/paied....' :) you mean to launch somthing with wine? proberly not very easially.. of course the way linux is.. even if he looks around. he shouldent be able to affect anything if you want to do a total lockdown of the file maanger and other gnome settings. theres some you can lock down. but ive never looked into it via the tune2fs command i think. or the blkid command. lucid talk in #ubuntu+1  and  use the console/rescue mode Update and upgrade the system for starters.now if i could figure out how to use orca... :) its a text to speach tool it seems running it in wine? thats amazing it even works when youmount them - youmust use the 'umask' option normally to set the permissions the whole mount point will have sudo -> is doin things as root. :) if you are not the admin., you may need to install the bot from source, for just your user.i dont even recall kordokuvas  asking somthing.. oh well his loss...How about 'whats the url to the user guide' :)if you wanted to test drive kde 1.1 - well  perhaps virtualbox and an old old old disrto  track down some old knoppix live cd's perhaps. normally you just use sudo as needed to get root access. You dont directly login as root. i tend to use Azuraus just the normal desktop disks i think there was an issue with grub. but  the iso's have been fixed alt-click anywehre in the window and drag them up i recall seeing it done.. :) but that was ages ago.. i dont have any ati systems any more theres a P2P wiki page on the ubuntu wikis ya may want to read. im not sure thats doable. I though that file was how grub scanned/saw the devices.for my audigy cards  i ofetn have to enable the digital output of the card using the alsamixer program. Or disable it if its enabled..but i dont reccomend wubi at all. doing a normal install. yes. any vnc client 'should' work with any vnc server. they are supposed to be backwards compatiable. the people in #mythbuntu may have good suggestions. been looking for one myself. if compiling stuff you need to have some of the developer packages installed - and 'build-essential' proberly - or apt-get them from the internet dont think so plug it in. check dmesg - see if any errors happen, try to mount it by hand. 7.04 is very very old.. you may want to find a newer cd. /nick Nickhere redownload. thats one with a text based installer. you are refering to using the screensaver -> powermanager settings? my guess.. its crashing thats a known bug/issue with a lot of machines.   check the forums for your exact machine and perhaps theres some kernel boot options to try ti work around it. any vncviewer Should work with any vncserver.. in theory ive used Ultravnc on windows and tightvncviewer -> ultravnc worked.. depends on your wireless chipset No. :)1450 people are in the channel. every so often someone comes in with a 'drive not seen' issue. but ive never seen a definitive fix. the forums proberly have several threads on the issue. we see you time to use find then. compiz  as a 'vblank/vsync' or somthing setting in the CCSM tool that helps that a lot yopu are saying the isntall worked? or is the installer the thing giving the error? empty promises for teh most part from what ive seen/heard/ there is the fbset command that can tweak the consoles IF they are using the framebuffer. i had a similer issue on my iMAC DV ages ago. its a currupted zip file it seems try extractinbg it from the terminal with the unzip command? sudo service gdm restart  - will restart the X server :) check permissions/ownership? whats your video card? try the 'nomodeset' option at the boot menus.  Under the F6 options i recall. the 'sux' command may help you 'change' to a different user in a terminal and run a gui app as the new user clarify/summarize  the paste. dont expect people to go to a url just to get the summary. xset b 0 0 0   (silnces the bell in X) if you ,mean from teh console.. theres other things.. whatever..  go into a little more details. perhaps /path/to/your/build/unity --replace   ;)!upgrade the update-manager -d command might do it.. I rarely upgrade samsung makes a lot of differnt phones... and how 'connect' exactly. try withoyut the . the program 'record my desktop' and the gtk front end to it. make that easy install the front end to it.. it let you box an area connect as in 'access window shares' ? you need to clarify your problem more. a service to allow someone to keep the same nick for a period of time. /msg nickserv help gnome-terminal iconis one way install it. :) ubuntu dont install any services like that by default its an IM client fiorst.. and an irc client second.  mixxing the 2 is not a good idea.  firefox has binary tar.gzs on theior web site.  if you want to test it for a single user, or put in /opt/ scp .foo    same as you would any other file 'upgrading' to server.. would sort of mean removing things.. ;) well i guess the kernel is different also. most all 'server' features.  a 'desktop' setup can do as well mplayer has so many command line options.. its scary.. check the docs/homepage perhaps? i dont know of the right one off hand.. but its got a staggering amount of features. you may want to check the forums fior that exact netbook. there may be a thread on it speficically Hmm... never noticed a way to do that..perhaps via some exporeing of /proc/ python is used a lot by many disrtos for gui/tools and other support programs. give both machines a static ip. and they will be networked.  Then you use the normal tools.  Or install a dhcp server on one. vista can resize ntfs partitions.. it does a better job of it then Ubuntu does.or you could try to fix your r grub2 issues.. but  do what you want. grub1 had bugs :) but it was more of a general code clean up, modular redesign and getting past old limitations... it should. of course. unless of course the answer is right there in the grub docs :) perhaps fsarchiver no idea. I never use raid or lvm. check the volume controlls yet? i had a laptop thjat was muted by default for some reason i dont even have a file NAMED that on my system i was thinking that resolconf CAUSED more problems for my system..  then it fixed. :P set up a 'caching proxy' for the network to reduce downloads.. then theres tools to auto-update/upgrade systems.. or use one of the 'ssh commands to several machines at once'   method to do it by hand. OR cron jobs on each box mirc is one of many IRC clients.. theres dozens of irc clients out there xchat is a common one used on ubuntu alsamixer or alsa-mixer or somting like that is a curses based volume control tool conky homepage for starters the gnome-look web site also has some. and your video chipset is what? You m ay want to try the 'nomodeset' option in the startup/grub menus. hit a key when ya see a little man at the botom and its under 'f6' i recall it should. if the programs also make full use of the extra cores hiding your ip from where? irc? thats nothing todo with ubuntu. Youc an ask for a 'mask' for IRC if you want. but its not really needed the thing to note is that cloaking has NOTHING to do with 'ubuntu' theres #lubuntu channel i wouldent put it past hotmail to purposly break things so it cant work. start what 'server list' ? see #debian  'apt-get install whatever' after you add the proper repos.   :) install virtualbox.. download a ubuntu iso.. boot vbox tell it to use the iso. clarify what you mean. plug the stuff in. and twiddle with the slider controlls? edit your /etc/resolov.conf - or set it in the router..  but i use googles dns servers now. instead of the opendns ones.  'cd path' or 'cd ..' i rember when ximian sort of forked gnome years ago.. :) so weirder things have happened. its basically the same. KDE did its major changes ages back. :) all the core ubuntu stuff (kernel and drivers) are the same as 11.04 it will be a tad slower at very math intensive tasks then a 64bit release would. but proberly not that big a deal try vlc. it can play most things. use the pacakge manager search for aircrack. and install it. first id ever heard of a eth0 device actually. try the 'find' command ? turn off the caps lock everything has been updated. and purty themes.. check 'sudo fdisk -l' and 'dmesg' to see what exists. :) what was it.mtr - Full screen ncurses and X11 traceroute tool!info guake cant just hit the power button? you can password protect grub so it cant be seleveted and basically becomming Trollish sounds ike a tyical 'cant figure out/need video codec' issue for text based irc. - checkout weechat or irssi i had to edit the syslinux.cfg and i think i removed the menu.c32 or somthing liek that line.. in the past..  that gave no menu. i just hit enter. i put in my home dir.. since im the only user you mean the video card fan? or case fan? read the syngery docs yet? you  edit the syntegy config file and define the layout there.. then be sure to kill/restart the syngery server. dos text files have  a end of line, and carrage return..  thats what you are seeing use one of the dos2unix type converter scripts to remve the extra end of line  characters use the unrar commands from the shell. not the gui archiver tools - perhaps. ive noticed that on occasion also.. you culd try 'ssh -vv remotebox . or set up the keys stuff where you dont need the passwords yep.Paperclip. :)I always straighten out a paperclip to force cd ejectiontheres guides out there on installing the nvidia drivers from their site. but it can break things.there mught be updated ppa;s that would be a better idea then the .run drivers from nvidia ive never noticed there being an AUto-Logout Huh? You may want to check the Xfce homepage/docs/guides.  and the xfpanel docs/manpages.. it may be a config file you edit. there is the #xubuntu channel also. I havent used xfce in ages. you got dos  encoding some how pallening thats not normal if the old one is in apt. you can install and pin he old bversion i install the latest intel drivers on my netbook.. and plug in the 2nd monitor.. and  use the config program... i might of had to hit the  monitor keys on the netbook to enable it also.. i forget .. twiddling with it now. :P vesa driver would be the bottom of the barrel 'fail safe' sort of driver.    tell the channel your exact video card - is a good idea.i think -t makes it not do some formatingI forget how you even view those any more yes depends on the software and what exactly you downloaded. whats the name of the exact package you downloaded? you may need to learn how to 'compile' source code if its source there are such commands.. but i dont recall their names it gets 'compiled' into a .dvi file that you then print or do whatever with why should se try to look like OS-X... you could at least summarize what it is. you edit the proper files in /etc/default/grub and /etc/grub.2 - its documetned on the wiki pagesd . then rerun sudo update-grub you will need to mount them some how. since I dont think thunar has  that feature.  it depedns on your needs.  jwm + rox is about as light as one can get. thats the PACKAGE anme check the  gcc homepage? they should work.. or try 'sudo fdisk /dev/WHATEVERTHEDEVICEIS' depends on what format you want to make it also. you could install yorui owbn irc server, or theres some 'talk' command/service. (very basic)? Is ther a ubuntu support question? add the 'window list' item back to the panel perhaps? right clck on panel -> add to Panel -> window list you are sending to channel ifconfig command install 'ubuntu-restricted-extras' and i think that will pull in java and some otehr parts you proberly want the noauto option will stop it from auto mounting.. and the user option would let the user mount it when they wanted to. its best to let windows do ntfs checking. the xp cd should be able to do that. thats a GNOME option I do belive to try 'tiny core linux' it will not 'include' them - but they can be installed afterwardz thats one of many issues with fullscreen flash. thats one of many issues with flash. :) ifconfig  the interface to set the info. or use the dhclient you mean '/join #ubuntu+1'  ?what video card?- well i cant help with ati. I only use nvidia.  There have been some changes to the ati driver lately. but thats all i know. Good Luck no its not. get virtualbox.. read its docs.. run ubuntu in virtualbox.. works greatcan be anywhere. mine is sdd unrar the first file I think you need to clarify what you are doing .. that question has me totally confused. use 'sudo' befor that?  ive not tried it in ages also. should be possible. or try vlc. see #ubuntu+1  for natty.. and sounds like a bad cd/dvd/usb install some creative use of the 'find' command would be my guess. on 9.10 use 'sudo service gdm start' upstart changes things. best to always use the service command!xmmsxmms is dead. :) explore the alternatives.. I like bmpx for my irc clients on andriod i use the little search button >:) annoying enough however. TAB does not work on them. even if im using a bluetooth keyboard with my android :( why are you wanting to do this. You mean you want to move left/right to actually go Up/down ? i would just leave firfox.. just in case. sudo chown user.user filename skype has had issues   in the past. but a lot depends on the exact sound cards from what i gather. i normally install the ubuntu-restricted-extras package.  that pulls in flash and other things you proberly want. its in  the package manager tools.. or use the 'sudo apt-get install PACKAGENAME' type method. add an entry to it in /etc/fstab you can set up grub2 to boot an ISO file from a disk parittion.. so you could put the iso on the windows partition or /boot/ partition. boot the iso and install from there. but you cant refromat the partion with the iso of course what filesystem is the other hd?  tryed mounting it by hand? install the samba service,, ane it should auto start no services = no ports listining.. windows firewall is often used to keep anything from going OUT as well as in..  Most likely you dont need to worry about any firewall stuff on your linux setup all teh malware out for windows.. prompts peopel to block 'unsual' traffic going out.. also windows can block based on application. linux dosent work that way. it does it based on port. i tend to ssh -X to the box, then run the app. and it shows up locally. i also hear  that a XXXubuntu is in the works with Porn themes. ssh and screen :) seen others with that issue in here also.last time i was in a linux room on AIM/MSN/other then irc.. they.. well.. dident know too much. i imagine quiet a few of us are...... theres #ubuntu-offtopic for such discussions. its a fun game.. but too hard for me. :) grip can do either. dependong on the config you set up. sudo service SERVICENAME stop       is the reccomended ways these days. ssh fundamentals :) nautilus has a scripting feature.  ive seen some example scripts at gnome-look.org i think it is 5am in the USA :) lots of reading. read everything you find... each time you run vncserver it will launch a NEW vnc session use 'vncserver --kill :1' or :2 or :3 or whatever to close out any running ones most bookstores have linux magazines you could buy that include the ubuntu cd/dvd's other stuff also. its going to be quiet a change when it gets here. it works.. but some times not very well.. I reccomend trying Ubuntu In virtualbox - if yoiu cant do a 'normal' ubuntu install. wubi installs to a file, then has a special boot menu item in windows to boot it. its not in a 'virtual' machine. other then a live cd. you mean the GDM LOGIN screen? or the grub menu screen>minidisks - aint those like 8-track tapes? :P ive seen them.. and kept wondering why they are still around.. they are like the child-sony-dont-want-to-claim. :P clarify the actual problems and lets see who can help you. this is the right place. :) it does on my HP laptop with the nvidia chipset. 'locate filename' is one way if your update database is update a little window/animation that appears befor eh actual program appears i normally disable the silly things. after adding a repo you  'update/refresh' the package listing. the medibuntu reposiutory page has dirctons on the commands to use. if you have openbox installed. the gdm menu has an entry for it.gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad-multiverse does it? ive never noticed. :) i tend to get a few dozen things from a script on a new install. theres that feature in the gnome menus/printscreen key i thought.. or gimp can do it.. or a dozen other ways its never been like mspaint... 'record-my-desktop' and its gui tool i think are in the repos netbook has a trimmed down gnome. using the netbook launcher. it should work. set the size how you like.. and try various fonts..  its all a personal taste thing. my wife sets the fonts where they are liek an Inch tall. :) did you identify when you connected? theres #ubuntu-server cdrom is the normal way. so its plays as good as it does under windows then. :P what are you trying to install exactly? There is no longer an official Yahoo messenger program from yahoo for Linux (last i checked) theres 3rd party alternatives 20gb is extreme proberly 3x what you need. :)unless you plan on using hibernate/suspend there is a .dmrc that can define what desktop to use by default. or else you have to select  the one you want at the gdm scrren the first time i had weird laptop. i had to turn it ON in windows.. then reboot back to linux.. and never touch the switch again. ;) edit the file with 1 line 'exec fluxbox' use the package manager to remove the older kenels. or the  system-> admin -> computer janitor tool. they dont take  up much space -   id be sure to at least leave  the one you are using (duh) and one older kernel. its not..  x= extract z = archive type f = using this fike how can a user install an application? except to their own home dir.. you remove things installed via the package manafger, with the package manager tools also.. just set the bios to boot from it.if the bios can. i find that offensive... thats windows 'training' :)the ubuntu-restricte-extras installs the icedtea java now.!ccsm | PerditaLupo vnc gives you a remote display.   ssh is a multi-tool. disable the gdm/kdm/xdm service - and it will boot to the console. you can then use 'startx' to get to X as neededyes vfat =  msdos/fat32 you dont want to format a mounted fileysstem :) the nero homepage has that nero-linux download  i belive.. and it does require a  legal/bought version of the windows nero. check out some command line tutorials. an hr spent reading one will cover all the basics.  ersonally i tend to cheat and use 'mc' at the terminal most of the time. :) edit your xorg.conf is one way.. and im not going to walk ya throguh that. :) happy? you can boot a live cd and reinstall grub.. if its some how a 'grub got deleted' issue.. if USB dont work - but PS2 does. Theres often a 'legacy usb' setting in the bios that needs tobe enabled. ive some older pcs with a similer issue sudo apt-get install xmms it pays to read up on the apt system. and learn how it works. how did you burn it? i think you have heard wrong. WINE lets you run MANY windows apps.. as for android apps.  we... theres proberly some ways to  do it. in an emulator or somthing. state the issue and see.. - Virtualbox does have some very good docs/manuals on their hiomepage` see what the #mythbuntu guys and forums suggest ive used that in the past.. it was a little slower.. but a handy feature./vmlinuz-2.6.38-8-generic root=UUID=#####  ro   quiet nosplash  >--> replace quiet nosplash with 'text' or just sudo apt-get install whatever-the-nidia-glx package name is for yiour system /join #whever servers are part of a 'network' so if you are ont he same network,. channels are the same. if it has to ask a question.. it will wait.. :) but it shouldent ask untill its got stuff downloaded its possible the thing has no linux support at all at this time. the Mythbuntu forums are the best place ive found to get info on what tuner cards are usaable and what are not. clarify that  a littel more...I got to find that irssi script that reorders the tab completion via 'ESP' im to leet to be leet. you work for AVG? no.. thats not a debian tool. try single quotes when i use the nvidia drivers.. i dont even need an xorg.conf  try renaming it (or see if theres backups in /etc) so you dont have one. and restart the X server theres some Virtualbox network config setting. that lets the vbox instance show up on the lan as if it was a 'real' machine. getting  an ip on the normal lan range. Or it can be on its own private network. give more detaiils. dont msg me.. ask questions in the channel. there exists several. and thers a site  with themes/guides on making it look very very very much like OS-X sftp = ssh i thought.. i dont reccomend using a ftp server.. use ssh/scp perhaps the  thing is using #!/bin/sh hen it should be #!/bin/bash 'dosent work' dosent tell us very mich ALSA i dont think that will work via dd that can be a compiz issue. many people have that issue at times shame... :P make backups of inpporntant stuff first. theres always Lubuntu ;) you mean the icon in the panel missing? but the tool is running? you gave the user a samba passwd via 'sudo smbpasswd -a username' ? theres the  'noauto' option in fstab. but then you  would have to mount the partition some other way when needed check its homepage.  check omgubuntu. I think they re  focusing on their own filemanager replacement ., not just tweaking nautilus virtualbox can handle XP very nicely. the version from the virtualbox homepage does. compiz has a feature to adjust the transparancey of any window on the fly. some key+mousewheel  can controll it. i reall try windows key, m  or windows key and the mouse wheel theres the hard core alt-ctrl-sysreq-'k' or 'r' i belive its a key on thekeyboard.. printscreen key is the same key could make an alias to run one way or the other.. but you have to then know if jack  is running or not.. guess ya could script that some how also. what exactly IS this .bin file? vi is 'vim light' by default - install the full vim pacakge if you want more featurefull vim if you dident set up the encrypted home.. then its not encrypted.. rm -rf dirtodelste X autoconfigures for the most part. Ive many systems with no xorg.conf or a very minimal xorg.conf that would be using 'samba' samba has some books in the 'samba-docs' package.... whats the point of anything. because you like how it works better. if you are just learning.. does it really matter? GCC is the standard for most linux's there are some others. use whatever editor you like. I like geany. you could make .bashrc or .bash_profile mount the encrypted thing I guess. edit the  proper /boot/grub/menu.lst and add the proper information there. clarify what you mean. unlock packages makes no sence.   You can Install packages (.debs) with dpkg -i whatever.deb /mnt is getting not as common on many disrtos these days. :p yea thats right :P  a program to do what exactly? the gnome theme settings tools let you change themes and stuff.. as for as making your own... No idea on that. :) check gnome-look.org for tutorials perhaps state the actual problem. via command line, or rgjht click on an .exe and tell it to open with the wine windows loader right click on it and seect the properties I think.. :p update - resyncs/updates the apt database.. 'upgrade' then normally its compiled in, or as a module. thats as far as i know the ONLY way. i use the various firefox extensions to do that i use the downloadhelper addon for firefoxICK.you might seriously want to look in to backing up imporntant stuff/data/home and a reinstall. as far as i know it comes with it.. the ufw firewall tool has to be using somting to configfure the rules.. theres several 'sysv' config/tools you can use. update-rc.d is commonly used.ive heard of people wanting to do that. But never done it myself.IcemanV9,  depends on what you want to do.xen is sort of designed with different tasks in mind then qemu and vmplayer can you connect to any 'shares' on the windows 7 box?  Try connecting via the machines ip, not hostname also. whats a 'nilox' ? ive seen that issue also. user is ubuntu, password is blank you could have a bad burn/install/file. go to the console see ifyou can set a password. lsb_release -a   or uname -a read what the output says..    x86_64   => 64bit Unetbootin worked with karmic here.:P i save my history sand make a script. you could move the /etc/X11/xorg.conf somewhere and restart X - with no xorg.conf it shoudl go back to defaults i never want t use the seperate X display feature. vlc/mplayer with codecs should be able to play them i would look agagin.. check the spelling. Im pretty sure it is in teh repos. #debian for debian support. make a bootable flash drive from the iso with unetbootin or some other tool. boot the flash drive.. follow the installer directions.. its in the repos. Use the package manager search and install how are you coming to the conclusion? what are youy trying to do exactly?!fr | Serialtueur i have one. :) and i told him to copy the one from puppy linux TO  the ubuntu /etc/X11/xorg.conf you scared him off what deamon/service? many have logging features/levels you can enable. never heard of paster. if it can do verbose logging to  a file you can pipe it to whatever you want. try --> gstm - SSH tunnel manager for GNOME use the live cd and fsck the filsystem perhaps. i like 'geany' a lot lately it is worth while to learn vi eventually thats just a menu definitionfile. You shouldjust run 'xchat' check out put of 'ps ax  | grep handbrake' its not officiallty released. so i dont think its showing up that way. 'update-manager -d' perhaps may show it? ask more in in #ubuntu+1 channel. clarify the question. use a partioniong tool to delete teh linux parittions if you dont want it any more and let xp repartition the disk try 'locate  hibernate.conf' other then not use standby/resume.. No. :)   Test 10.10 and file a bug if it still does it. you are installing 2 packagtes that seem to both want to install the same file. so either remove the one you dont need.. or move/rename the file  as a nasty work around perhaps. yes.  The Console is what you get on the alt-crtl-f1 through F6  displays. the consoles run let you have a terminal. :)  xterm, and gnome-terminal are terminal programs for X. all of them get you to the 'command line interface' i doubt if its a virus.   what is 'noisy' meaning? fans revving up to high speed? try -r (thats ormally for recursive) or -R or check  greps man pages. in 12.04 its a setting in the tools somewhere.. displays tool perhaops my ubuntu livecd's let me do all the various 'network' tasks... what are you trying to do exactly. spammers are at it again.. so they send in the bots. thats proberly a good thing. some pcs have issues with some flaash drives.. or the drive was not made properly. the proper thing to edit is /etc/default/grub - and rerun update-grub yes. or /etc/grub.d/stuff people join 'channels' that are on servers, and the servers are linked into a 'network'dare we ask what package? possible?  theres proberly a forum on licensing issues.. so what desktop are you using... theres that 'reconstructor' web site that lets you build your custome ubuntu iso's but im not sure about adding the ati drivers. Check it out I guess.you can build custome isos here ---> https://build.reconstructor.org/ i have fan controll on my AAO just fine.  Im not sure about other notebooks. you  can try 2 different things. 1 - install/run ntfs-config, and check the proper options. and/or  add proper entries to the /etc/fstab for the filesystems in question i think the wubi stuff is all stored in a single filesystem in a file. that you could mount from a live cd to  copy things from. but ive no idea what the file name is or where its at check out the various Emulators and so forth. :P perhaps boot live cd, or to single user/rescue mode and use the proper commands. (no idea what commands those would be) he means 'never use sudo su, use 'sudo -i'  instead.' use the mv command,.thats what a 6mo release cycle is about.id suggest just compilng stuff as a user. and putting the new versions in their own home dir. sounds liek a typo in the tutorial. unless its meaning how to 'search' for '11' upgradeing will download all the stuf . so you are still downloading a whold cd+ worht of stuff to install. fdisk it to make the partitions, format the filesystems, Mount them where you want by editing /etc/fstab clarify to the channel what you wish to do exactly? just 'update-grub' is supposed to see/add windows if its found so you want  eventually a windows/linux system on that laptop? so  you will want to leave part of the HD unallocated for the linux system to use . good luck.. what did you delete?  Theres also ways people can search the forums for 'unanswered' posts. so its not  that bitg a deal that it gets pushed down. the 'zip' command with proper arguments.. or use some other archive format. reduce the # of colors, use a very light window manager..  hmm..  dont run extra stuff ya dont need. dont use that transparent -useless-eye candy. :P your speakers are on? the volume turned up...... hmm.. lets see...     thats about all i an think of.. it works here in flash on chrome. or try the html5 feature of chrome and youtuibe you need to use the vbirutalbox  from the virtualbox homepage to have 'usb' support for that. non free edition has that and other features actually i think with the latest vbox versions it allready can do that without the guest addations.. well some of the guest addation features are getting merged into the vbox core at least. yea . some of the improvements can cause confusion when  you are used to the old ways. are you using a lcd display? if you can tell the diff from 85 to 100.. you got much younger eyes then  i do. -->    may want to check    http://xtiming.sourceforge.net/cgi-bin/xtiming.pl yes.. by using a vncserver like vnc4server, or tightvnc it should get updated as part of the  normal upgrade/update process. i had to play with the tools/settings a bit. but once i got it going.  it works well now. I do have tb be sure to plug in the monitor BEFOR i power up the netbook thats not entirely true that they have stopped..  but they havent really said what their plans are either. their web site should be been better worded also. :) or you typoed the path to the file!clone i imagine it will get removed as soon as i realize all the apps for it are useless web-gizmos for twitter and stuff i never use learn vi.. because ya never know when you will have to use some minilal rescue disk/cd and HAVE to use vi. i did once.. by mistake.. :P normally one would defrag, scandisk, then resize teh windows partitions,  THEN when you boot back to windows. scandisk again, thats for the truely paranoid. I guess. Heh heh. :) you use special tools to make a bootable usb from an ISO file. you did fdisk the drive and set the partition to be of the vfat type? depends on your video chipset. Multi Monitor nvidia works great for me.. has for years most of the time ive seen people have 'cant mount phone issue' they dont realize that most phones have a 'usb/drive  mode' in the menus  thta has to be activated. delete the conkyrc you are using and conky will use its defaults. ugly defaults.. but it will work means its crashing for some reason... not much more i can say on it. is this your system? or where did it come from? root password is not set by default.. try the first user (admin users) password perhaps it does - ive seen it several times. true howeger - the fdisking part of the installer could use work. if the admin goofed up. they could have made some files in your home that are owned by root. its better to give the actual problem/question to the channel  thent o just ask for 'help' Huh?  #!/bin/bash   , then command &    on next line... the 'text' option does just that..  No Plymouth, no framebuffer, no GDM (no X) if you are lucky that may work. use 'unzip' :P best to use the service command these days. keeping the data thats on both? delete one, resize the other.. or delete both and make a single partition. if you can ping via ip. but not via name - thats a sign of 'dns' issues. depends on what app is doing it then. it could be a app specific or proxy setting issue then. read up at --> https://ubuntugenius.wordpress.com/2010/12/07/ubuntu-location-launchers-error-how-to-reset-gnome-panel-places-menu-launchers-to-open-with-nautilus/ check the PPA repostype !nvidia or !ati you just asked faq #1 :P  some of the video players have various tweaks. It depends on the  power of the netbook. I end up reencoding a lot of my videos so they play nicely ion my AAO. proberly wont matter at all. if its a low end system you may want to use xubuntu or lubuntu. You might wantt to try making a grub2 setup on the flash drive that boots the iso files. Or check teh PendriveLinux web site - they may have other tools. if you are refering to the 'prompt' theres docs on settingthe bash prompt. theres a bash-prompt howto :) i noticed if i log into the Console. it actually gives that info as part of the login messaghes.. not sure where that info is comming from yea. I noticed the other day it was wrong. :) but  its still sort of a nice idea id have to say HP or Brother. but id reserach anything befor you buy. the more complex the gizmo the more likely some parts of it wont work 'mondo/mindi' can do that.. backups to dvd/nfs/samba - and can restore to different sized hds may be some other tools that can do it also. I put it in the top 5 :P the term 'easy'  can be vague  heh. the bash shell is rembering the old path/cached it.. try opening a new terminal window. or i think the 'rehash' command makes it rescan whats what> 1285 people here.Im not even sure what that icon is supposed tobe of.. a Man and Keyboard perhaps? what program? err.. gimp.. :) is one.. Not sure thats doable. I dont think grub, or syslinux, or grub2 can read ntfs. if grub2 could read ntfs. then it would be doable  i belive several of them /dev/sd#  normally plug it in check 'dmesg' command output a few moments later ive seen such apps.. but rarely use them. (only 4 pcs here on the lan) theres clamav and avg i think has a linux version.. not sure of any others out there thats not costing $$$ perhaps it got removed and you can add it with  the add panel applets stuff.. i missed where we care.. on linux with wine. I dont think its possible check the wine app database perhaps? by 'dsl' you mean dam-small-linux mini disrto? dozen of 'dynamic dns' services out there.  many routers even have the feature these days  most have some 'clients' yopu use. try TAB completion.... fir<tab> i recall there being some wiki pag3es/forums threads on that topic. I never bother with the extra buttons :) i had it working with my nvidia's one onboard, one pcix (with 2 monitor outs)unless the ram test shows ram in the first 10 sec... :) you can set the keyrng password to be blank and use 'unsafe storage' and it can auto-unlock. if you mean the official yahoo messenger client - i dont think they have an official linux one any more. You have to use some 3rd party clients and clarify the question when you ask in there. i reread your question 5 times and am still not sure aht you are assking.I dont think Lubuntu is an official ubuntu variant yet. It was supposed to be. but had to many issues.. they were targeting having it officially supported in 10.10 (i think)1143 people online... - the bots gotta love legal licensing issues.. should be able to have dozens of them if you wanted. could be alimit of the dock. yes i thought it only did that for an 'alterntaive installer' cd i dont think it is at this time. you mean World of Warcraft? or Warcraft 1/2/3/4? there may be some PPA's with newer versions 'history' command may be worth the effort to rea d a few bash tutorials. :P You mean xchat and not xchat-gnome right? Ask the channel your question and see who answers. you may want to stick the the regular ubuntus  - it will be easier to troublshoot. you could isntall the nvidia-current package by hand.For alternative grub install - you need to use the Alternate installer.Or so i rember reading on the cd download page. no. i would doubt it. my X200Mobility works. try it and see? if each cd is its own device. i dont see why not. 1000+ people here. it could be they are workin.. but you dont have a 5.1 source? or how are you testing them. if its stero audio.. that would make sence. is the music actual 5.1? or just stero is what i am getting at. I only have rear output when i watch SOME movies. i was thinkiign that 'jackd' helped configure  those multi-function plugs its some fancy tool to controll audio stuff. Ive never needed it. but others use it it MIGHT be in the .trash-*** dir on the hard drive good luck with that... you mean a 'boot the cd in the optical drive' entry ? Or a 'boot this iso file' entry? that is weird. if its an IDE drive. perhaps the jumper is wrong. you could 'fsck.xfs /dev/sdc1' if you are SURE it was xfs i wold leave it as owned by root.. not really any downsides these days i belive so.  i just dont rember how. it may involve using the gconf-editor you can install/run vnc4server (or other vnc service/server) but that wont get you the CURRENTLY running/seen local desktop.. but a brand new one. ssh -X or -Y willlet you run X aps and have them show up locally . If X forearding is enabled in the sshd service config files yes. many of us use conky see the conky homepage and forums perhaps. 'full' meaning what? theres a dvd installer disk. but it just has more languages on it mainly. you may wan to check #kubuntu also and the Forums. I recall otehrs having issues like that in the past.. but i dont recall the fix. there is a k3b 'configs' in the k3b menus that may check/fix things for you also. check dmesg output when it stops. could be Pulse crashing, or some driver issues be a bit more specific and verbose in your problems blasphmy! :) adduser command.. and they have their own support channel it should auto login to the desktop - if its working right use  the synaptic package manager too; and the package manager settings it has. check  to enable it. i doubt if it really matters much these days. I always use apt-get could be 'ssh' is a meta package  that pulls in the others.. thats a bit rude to paste it twice.. and you could at least summarize the problem. You have reserched the printer at cups.org ? i noticed some of my USB  devices not working/seen untill i unplug/plug them back in. :( most usb 'img' files you dd to a flash drive.. you MIGHT be able to resize with gparted.. but that dosent make them have a peristant save feature.. check the cups.org site to see how well supporrted the printer is for starters.  - has it EVER worked? it should just be a file that has the md5sum in it.. a large #. that you copmpare to the output from 'md5sum whateverfile' you could make a bash shell that replaces the 'rm' command and does checking... been trying out the google-chrome beta here. its working very well find a PPA or use source it seems. we can always point you to some wiki/docs/guides sudo apt-get install WHATVER_pacakage-name-it-is no idea check the ati docs. some 7+ yrs ago.. yes :) i followed the ip-masquerading howto back then in the befor ubuntu days check the wine app database on office support perhaps.. or use a virtual machiune it would be a good idea to learn to use screen/tmux/byobu with ssh... so i can access my linxu apps within windows sounds like you need to reconfigure your X server properly. perhaps install the nvidia or ati drivers. depending on your video card. live cd with gparted. -  IF theres some space to resize it to. the default ubuntuinstall is rather slim you could switch to a lighter window manager if you want to really save on cpu/memory   last time icve seen that happen. was due to overheating.  clean out the fan/ducts. set it up on one of those fan pads..    and see if it helps ive seen some laptops that even over heat.. unless you leave the little cd tray open.. (bad design) i would think thats all thats needed. why not use the flash package? the omgubuntu blog site has a wallpaper-cheat sheet of all the shortcut keys. check th forums/wiki pages - ther may be a guide. or the 'redcar' homepage.. #ubuntu+1 for that theres dozen+ others out there there are little bugs everywhere in every os ive ever used. use the menus, open a new server tab join. you wanting Derogtory slang? last 4 laptops ive tried with ubuntu.. i was suprised the wireless worked ith no hassles. access the remote box by samba, or using winscp/ssh and copy the files over. i got it - it works.. theres all sorts of little -issues..  i say wait a few more mo. i would suggest booting with a live cd and fscking the filesystems to verify they are 'good' and hopefully fix any errors.  define 'normal' ? bash basics - JOB CONTROLL :) use of the & and other special feature also use the 'exit' command - not the close button -  - the close button Might kill any apps you have runnign with & ya can click on the little clock/date and get one. fast and dirty way.. put command in rc.local but theres proberly better ways.  you mean your package manager is not working right? they got some usb flash drives that do plug into a usb conection on the MB.  but not seen any of those in ages i got a usb pci expansion card with an internal usb port I just use. :) RC in theory is the same..  but there will be updates. Check the !release factoid try apt-cache search zlib thats when you read the decriptions and fiture out what you need..     'somthing needs zlib'  is a little vague :0 gparted can do that.. watch out for the UUID changeing of the filesystem. that can cause issues thers an apt-get command that cleans them out properly it might be apt-get autoremove or autoclean i forget what th comamnd is.1000's of people do. :) you do realize that wubi uses windows stuff to boot? ok.. just wanted to make sure you dident remove windows.. then winder where WUBI went.. or the fact that under windows XP - basicially every user has the abulity to surf the web and trash the box with spywware heh - chroot jail apt-get :Pusing the .deb wouldent really screw it up.. You could alwyas use the package manager to uninstall it.but it wouldent get auto-updated.  theres a discussion of it - on the forums/wiki - as to what ya got to do to renable the full use of it. i tried to do that once.. and never did figure it out. :P i ended up changeing the share name on the silly windows box. whats teh package? theres ways to force it.. try 'handbrake' whats your video chipset? You are trying to install? it will depend on the keyboard to some degree. Most all the ones i have these days work with no tweaking whatsoever check ccsm - see if it has some exceptions settings. ive no idwa what 'diskeeper' evendoes not really locate command, or find command learn how to use find perhaps. that should be fairly trivial.  just make a link from where its mounted perhaps. i imagine you would be better served by some good 'referance' books. that you can refer back to to look up specific things you may need to learn. instead of an audio book. tjeres some tutorial podcast type sites out there. but they tend to be for specific apps. like 'learning the gimp' put it on a seperate desktop :P its designed to be used about the same as the cp command thers dozens of examples of using it on the web. theres also several other renaming tools in the repos.  The rox file manager also has some neat rename features if you mean user settings. You need to delete them from the users home dir. so? mount it to some location, then access it as you would any other filesystem. give more details as to why its 'broken' you mean verify that its not gotten blown up by a power surge? :) or if its connecte to the internet? rephrase that perhaps?concise and to the point. :P whats not to love put a tiger in your tank! run it from a terminal  it may show up after you log out/back in  - command seems to be 'prboom' sudo EDITOR /PATH/TO/FILE or 'gksudo' :) it seems to work here. I got a differnet font on each line 100mb tops.. perhaps much less. nautilus has a scripting feature you could use to add such a thing. it can.. but it can goof things up i perfer weechat to irssi these4 days you tried a name without spaces in it? no idea. it could be the shell is sucking out the quotes. you are using. i doubt if you gain much by going 64. Unless you give the VM a LOT of ram. proberly not. But im not sure you can use a 64bit os in vbox in a 32bit host machine..   never tried. :) how many gb? by default i think they take on the colors of your wallpaper via some fancy maths. :) if your paper is all blues - it takes on a blueish tint. theres the #ubuntuone channel that may know - if no one in here knows.. (ive no idea how it would be done) youwould need to make your own theme. or custome .desktop files i  belive many people use it  with no problems.. it depends on your needs. why would you want to. :) theres the ies4linux stuff to test things in IE.curlftpfs - filesystem to access FTP hosts based on FUSE and cURLsshd config file has the port option in it. when you update-grub, it should see and add a proper entry for the windows partition.  If not  you may need to trouble shoot grub a little bit. or add a custome entry in /etc/grub.d/40_custom the real one is ugly also. see #ubuntu+1 check  bu reports for it? not any more theres the 'spatial' and 'browser' modes of the Naitulus file manager. if you want everything to stay in 1 window and keep the settings use  the 'navigonational' mode. 'Navigational' -> 'like a browser' --> like windows does. the indicator applet - is the little area of the panel at the right hand side where ghe volume, amd mail, and  network icons are at it was for me. :) my settings are messed up not really. fixing apt breakage - can be a real pain. depends on the device..  Theres some wiki/guides on setting stuff up vlc or mplayer or one of the media players can play them  recall. or convert it to some other format. time to check your router/firewall they are 'undocumented features' :) I think the wine app database would agree with that statement.'export whatever=whever' good luck on that. YOu are refering to OS-X dmg files correct? you can use some of the 'xrandr' command line tools to switch res try #linux perhaps. and #ubuntu-offtopic last i did that i cheated and followed the arch-linux wiki page on the topic :) but that was about 8mo ago add a proper boot option for it to the jaunty grub's menu.lst if you want to  'boot the debian install' you can do a 'touch .hushlogin' and not see the motd at all if you got 4+gb ram.. defaintaly.. if you do lots of cpu intensve tasks.. yes.  -   Theres not many reasons to NOT use 64bit these days you could install/run the ntfs-config command - it might let you just 'check box' the drives to ignore. from a live cd to fix grub. theres more then just that command. you got 1 hard drive? or is D: its own hard drive? it is wise to backup all imporntant stuff first. like i am ever going to care about OS-X :) same here. :) but i gave up on creative cards. change in what way? it can be set to use different gtk themes and colors.. but thats about it. it allready does..  :) care to rephase that most laptops have a special key combo that turns off the touchpad. look at the keyboard - theres proberly a FN key and some other keys with special icons on them in the same color as the 'fn' key letters. apt-get install build-essential  theres updated 'X' ppa's out there. you did enable the 'partners' repository? some user with sudo rights has accidently deleted some system files?, are you sure of this? what are you going to do with it afterwards? want a totally new/clean hard drive? use a live cd and the fdisk, or qt_parted or similer disk partining tools to delete all the partitions. the menus ont  he cd early in bootup has the feature. that nomodset guide has screenshots of doing it you did set the res with the 'gksudo nvidia-settings' tool ? the nvidia-settings tool just teaks your xorg.conf file. freenx, xming, vnc, depends on your needs. local lan. I use xming normally. clarify the problem more... dd can make an exact image file of a usb device. dd can also mess up your system if you do a bad typo ;) the documets may be outdated..  x auto configures for the most part these days ssh is installed? you ever have the nvidia stuff working? i was thinkign it defaulted to like 'localhost:7100' or somthing in this day and age of font-servers. Hmm.. odd..  wonder why they would move them. theres the classic gnome desktop you can select at the GDM screen. dont share the same /home directorues.. and watch out for fighting GRUB setups and it canbe done or just use virtualbox to toy with the other disrtos dont use windows hibernate/suspend mode.. for starters.. it releases it as needed.. dont worry about it.. this is not windows. :) shouldent need to . You could try 'tail -f /dev/whatever' ifconfig unetbootin can use a range of iso/disrtos if you want to try it. Not that i have heard of..we cant support every game that wine can run.thats winehq's area of expertise forward proper ports on your router. WHy are you bothjerint with an identd server anyway? glined by who? google.com  - search for 'linux tutorials' i would check the ppa's  or backports for updated versions it is? Thisis a rather slow night. check the .profile or .bashrc or .bash_profile and how its setting the prompt. huh? thats for the command line history.. You sure you are not using sh instead ofbash? try eccho $SHELL u You mean the 'root window ' termnal on the left? conky isent doing that.. but theres other ways to do it. very bad idea. could totally make a ubnbootable system gdm has undergone radical changes  in 10.04 - the old themes wont work.  You can change the wallpaper gdm uses easially. or a few other little tweaks.  Theres some themes in the repos also for it. but i never bother doing more then changing the wallpaperThen they keep changeing the terms, 'suspend to ram' 'suspend to disk'  - now its hibernate/suspend/ at one time i recall the os's calling it hibernate, befor it was called 'suspend to ram' but that was proberly gnome.. I jsut call it all.. err.. its a faimly channel. :) yes. thats what the topic says. :) theres #ubuntu-server also the normal install sets up the GRUB boot loader so you can dual boot. you may want to defrag/scandisk your windows partition first. and JUST in case backup anything imporntant. if its a text file.. with a text editor such as nano, vi, ne, or others theres also some apt-get clean, or apt-get autoremove command that can clean out some things.  5% of your hard drive is 'reserved' also for root ussage. thats tuneable with the 'tune2fs' command. DBMS's ? i doubt if server or desktop will matter much for a 'learning machine' linux dosent work that way. use 'which firefox' to find the path to the firefox binary its installed by default normally. theres also the ntfs-config tool err.. last month? :) for future referance the 'version #' is actually the date of release. perhaps a logout/back in.. If it is a pannel applet. that should make the list refresh there were somg guys in here just talking about ati and dual head displays...    but i dont use ati.. so cant help just ask in here.. you may want to pick a real nick also. i recall a 'system rescue' live cd. that had some tools specifically for such tasks. but never tried that feature. if he said it was sdg1 befor.. and now 'sdc' somthing seems wrong. you mean wifi? or 3g? or what exactly? care to ask a actual question.. :) 11.04 support in #ubuntu+1 ive not seen many phones you can just boot a flash drive and install a new ubuntu disrto on. :) its all about $$$$$$ 'sudo service gdm start' is a better way these dayseeagleman then when its unplugged you hit S to skip mounting iteagleman it is booting.. and asking you to hit S.silly browser scripting is not the same as a virus. ;)not even sure what uses exfat. :) you could use tinycorelinux and set one up ive seen very few live disrtos that are under 200mb in size. that setup suprised me also.. thats some ubuntu specific addon. :)  It may be mentioned at the ubuntu screen wiki page. thats not really a normal screen thing. thats somthing ubuntu added.  ubuntu wiki page on screen dont say.. may want to chedk the forums. Ill look into it tonight at work also. The screen wiki page is very out of date.  care to clarify here basically. try 'apt-cache search nes'nestra - Nintendo Entertainment System emulator nvidia :)   ophhhhht to ati perhaps theres some  kde setting to fix that. not a hole lot.. but if you want a desktop machine.. its better to start with  a Deskjtop install and then install the services you need. dont forget 'soft links' also - for organizing things its da sexiest. :P run it from a terminal. look for error messages what do you mean by live setup? its a live cd.. the desktop cd is a live cd. if you got a scanner.. fire up xsane, and see if itses the scanner. a live cd setup will be about 1 gb.  + any persistant save file you create.:  a full 'normal' install will be a gb or 2 also.. but can fill up quickly on smaller usb drives. if you want a root terminal 'sudo -s' ive noticed in a few cases ive had to insert the disk.. then start the burning app.I just ignore all mode/messages like that.This way their rejoin o kick.. scripts dont work. :) reinstall the old system.. or check in #ubuntu+1 upgrading to 'alpha' software is risky...  You could boot a live cd.. backup your data..,  then reinstall i guess.. of if you got /home/ on its own partition set it up and DONT format /home/ what language is the script in? you have to somehow access your E: from  the virtual machine,..  then you would run it as you would if it was on a local drive i imagine. i think one just drops the packet the other actively says 'You are rejected!' :) its handy in ways.. and very annoying in many others. :)see #puppylinux - i think your alalis is incorrect. ive seen a 'disable' touchpad on type feature for laptops. perhaps its some how enabled and doing the same thing for the mouse. the 32bit version... i686 or whatever its called edit your /etc/fstab correctly adding the right entry for hte drive log out/back in.. theres some quirky issue with cursors what happens is you have apps that were running befor the changes using the old cursors.. new apps use the new ones.. it gets weird. register your nick go check out conky - the ultimate system monitor compile the source... ppa would be easier. you mean the 'notify' window at the top right? it may need more then just chrooting. since the persstnat save file will need to be mounted somehowHappy Cyber Monday. ;)!resetpanel wwwyzzerdd!resetpanel | wwwyzzerdd remove it then. or do a minimal install useing one kernel boot line.. is not 100 pages.. so do what you want depends on what you need help with Im thinking. the ubuntu.com site may have some links for actual paid support also i know using the vlc player. it can let you do that.  Not sure about other programs its defined by /etc/bash_completion  stuff  - you can make your own. I recall some sites withj tutorials on bash cmpletion. I recall years ago when it wasent even commonly used.. (the bad old days) 'ifconfig' can do that the Fstab has NOTHING to do with this so thats about as Wrong as you can get. check your irc client docs/menus..  most irc clients dont have a 'friends' list you did run it as your inital  user? the one that has sudo rights?it stats working after a few sec you are saying? as a test. try making a new user, and see if they also crash. if data is getting sent straight to the priner port it could.. but that may only work for parrel port printers i wouldent even use them for that. that can be a problem.  -  I had a laptop where only the sd slot worked.. but a release of ubuntu later it started working with the other slots as well. it can depend on what chipset thelaptop is using. I found it wasier to just track down a $5 usb multi-card reader to carry around it proberly has nano and vi. theres always gedit and geany or a dozen others. you edit system files as the root user normally. sudo nano /path/to/file thata a big phail :)thats some script/motd thing in /etc/ i recall davis776  i looked into it once.. but im on 12.10 now so it may be differnt.    /usr/lib/update-notifier/update-motd-updates-available    perhaps davis776 sudo dpkg -i foo.deb, or 'sudo gdebi foo.deb'  is what i normally do. try opening a new terminal, or log out/back in, or try the 'rehash' command then see if its seen passededited your /etc/resolov.conf perhaps? depends on your proxy needs. the xrandr tools/commands can do that on the fly.  I just fullscreen my games to one monitor with twinview. and keep irc open on the 2nd. :) sudo umount /media/MOUNTPOINT is one way edit the /etc/fstab and tell it to not mount the hd in the first place. there was one called 'metisse' (i think thats spelt right) that had all sorts of weird effects like that. Compiz has Some features like that. but it depends on wha tyou need. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metisse if you really want ty try it -> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1490960 you mean to (and lets see if i have esp) you are truying to use the remote desktop feature of gnome and have it set to auto login and it cant do it? Yes you could.. and Yes  lots of people have used them.. you sould have better luck if you stated the problem. ext3 has a journel and so is a little more reliable. /nick BillGates why what? you use the nick command like i showed.. simple enough. these days? :) like the last 20 years... ive had some older weird hardware that would not work right if i booted to windows then 'rebooted' to linux. but if i powereed down. then booted straight to linux. it would work.. the Devices mustg have had some odd Plug and Play  quirksi cant evven rember what the devices were.. or how i figured out that trick. It may have been an old ceative sound card so did 9.04 :) you are reaching your modems config page from its ip from  the outside the lan? or from the internal side of the lan? yep. i agree you mean you set / to be /dev/sda1 ? ive seen that issue befor as well. never did see a fix. other then to use a differnt 'vnc server'  instead of teh built in 'share the current desktop' vino server. ive not looked into it in some time - the forums and askubuntu.com may have some fix's posted by now. you could do 'sudo passwd username' and i think it will skip any security 'settings' for some quick file transfers it may be easier to install the ssh server, and use winscp. if you want to use samba. Install teh samba service/pacakge  edit /etc/samba/smb.cfg to set the proper workgroup. give the user a samba password with 'sudo smbpasswd -a'  and you should be able to connect. depends on your irc clint somthing for interprocess communication i belive. lets parts of the desktop talk to each other means it crashed big time. linxu has file permissions.. Your user does not have permissions to access the filesystem.. make a dir on the filesystem. and chown/chmod it to be owned by your user.. wine maps your home and other directories. You could just enter the proper path.    the C: D: and so forth in wine are specifc dirs in your home dir also. what special flags? go learn python. its handy You have opened up the pc/dusted it out good? a cpu overheating that easially.. i would think bne a sign of a bigger problem use a live cd, chroot in, set a new password for your user with 'sudo passwd username' theres a ppa search tool  I recall. but not used in some time. someone proberly has a ppa for it. or you could use source. shouldent be too hard to compile done in a better way.. similer idea. it will be released when its released..  there is no set TIME on the 1st..check your autorun stuff see whats getting loaded. system menu has an icon for it somewhere no we cant. :)  /msg nickserv help there is one in arabic1 gb for /var/ seems VERY small you coumd make your questions more concise  also.  most people stop reading that question you posted after the first dozen words... if ylmf has their own ubuntu variant. you need to go to their support channels. shouldent be that much differnt then a normal install i do full install to external flash drives all the timesudo update-grub should see/add win7 ask a more specific question and see perhaps. thank you.. we will send you our bill. i never said what was best. :P proberly - IF the chipset is supported. depends on what Language you want to use... and your skill/current level of progamingavoide envy.the 'restricted-manager' tool installed the needed drivers for my 6800 just fine. Plus your question is vague my cdrom is /dev/sr0 is there a sr0 ? i use a tool called 'gdm2 setup' that lets you change that and other settings. try killall gnome-panel ? theres some directoryin the users home that has .desktop entries for them.. or use the menu editor (i think) .config/menus/applications-merged whats your vidoe chipset? have you tried the nomodeset option?  the nomodeset options would be befor the Plymouth ubuntu..... screen..  You are using 'xchat' or 'xchat-gnome' ? because mIRC never bothers to test itself with wine? theres many other IRC clients out there. seen this also -> http://www.webupd8.org/2011/03/system-monitor-indicator-puts-cpu-and.html ls --color (or other alias) and insdtall the full vim package. definatly YES i tend to use live cd's to do that task. so everything is unmounted wine powerisoinstaller.exe logically.. yes. glad we could help.. have a nice day. if you run them with wine. in theory they can. users home files would be at risk. but not the whole systemive had some issues with samba.... and gutsy sadly.start filing bug reports. :) gdebi *.deb is one way also try vlc and mplayer with the proper codecs (w32codecs) if vlc cant play it...  its proberly got some nasty DRM on it :P  im too scared to ask that. lol options the user set woule bein their home dir somewhere.. system wide would be in /etc/ somewhere. why would youi not want to use apt-get ?Biggest 'danger' ive seen to ubuntu systems are  people breaking their own systems because they think they know what they are doing.....:) http://www.ubuntugeek.com/how-install-sun-java-runtime-environment-jre-in-ubuntu-10-04-lucid-lynx.html use the noauto option for thaut drive in the fstab, then you have to mount it manually. thats how it works...if its a removeable hd - you need to remount it. If you want it permently mounted edit the /etc/fstab fileif  its an ide/sata internal drive - you have to add it to your fstab. if its removeble.. you need to remount it every time you boot ive seen mention of xmacro type apps. never used them. I imagine it depends on exxatly action you want to do. first tab/are where it says Passwords:login -> right click. set them to be blank. and it dosent ask yea - people dont think toright click on that entry time to change your pass.. heh. apple also dosent have to fit on a 700mb installer cd.... clarify what you mean 'screen refreshes every 5 sec':) i got a timex sinclare 1000 also. :) or cheat and install/use 'unp' :) when its done..  :) at one time - you had to do things in pairs.. but that depends on teh mb/ram type 're-rooting' ? huh? clarify what you want to do exactly You can set up a new hard drive and mount it. or link it onto / where you want. if thts what you m,ean by extend!ntfscheck that URL ubotu gave aeroraver . :) and you have to wonder where his patience went. ive seen peoppel in here about 4 times a week asking about hdmi+nvidia - never seen a definitive answer. theres proberly some LARGE forum thereads on the topic. given the # of peopel i see in here a week with the problemheh - i tried Mepis.. for a very short time.. I would reccomend Ubuntu over Mepis for a newb. :P it will become Unity by default - theres the classic gnome desktop still selectable at the LOGIN screen they may like i tbetter.. for now theres the classic desktop. so you should be using the YLMF support channels.. since its not UBuntu. theres lots of disrtos based on ubuntu.. they have their own support. ati sort of dropped support for some cards and now the GPL drivers are the official ones for those cards.. (yes its a bit confsing) kde does take up more ram.. but on most mondernd pc's they can easially run kde. just installing them.. shouldent slow down gnome or other desktops its your users login password logical eh? each user can ssh 'in' to the box ammoung other ways.. but its niot  reccomended you mean a theme for GNOME?  theres dozens if not thousands of gnome themes and theme 'parts' for gnome by address you mean the ip#? or SSID? or MacAddress? hmm. /root/ is the root users home dir.why would that beed to be on a nfs share? i would wait a few days and update. servers are going to be slow now. you Could download a 10.10 iso via torrents if you wanted to. you might want to look for a docky ppa, that may have more up to date versions and more pluginsi tend to use weechat for irc these daysmng? thats a new one to me. junixbr  ffmpeg, or mencoder can convert to most anything. winff, or arista are nice gui toolsif the automounting system is not working right - thenit wont be in /media/If fdisk -l, isent shoing it.. that is very odd Not with gnome - from what ive seen and the next r3elease is just next month... :) you can 'upgrade' You mean an alterantive language to use? or a way to emulate vb in linux? that app has been known to be wrong. and say they are not in use.. when they are. run the nvidia-settings tool and see what it says and what did you use unetbootin to do? make a bootable flash drive? Clarify your issue. I really dont reccomend using unetbootins 'frugal' type install. Hmm what 'hidden' files? lots of echo 'whatever' > /path/to/file.txt   can work :) if we say no.... :) what video chipset? the nvidia-settings tool has some adjustments. Or the video player may also have some adjustments for that,. either /etc/default/grub or one on /etc/grub.d/* yep. thats a big change with the change to grub2 :) back to lilo dayssuper #  defaults to the items in order. theres always the torrents.you are using a custom kernel?headers would be my firts gues also as far as i know the final artwork should  be as it is now.  Not sure what you are really looking for, i would have to say check the ubuntu web site and forums. for that. or the #ubuntu-motu channel never heard of it. its not beta  its 'rc' so its about what its going to be when its released i always use 64bit on 64bit hardware depends on your needs. i use vlc 90% of the time depennds :P is it working ok? sounds like you just answered your own question then. :P depends on the laws/licensing i imagine.. not really a Ubuntu specific topic. :) more of a legal thing. home server? or is this one doing a real job? theres been a few updates since the release. it may be trying to get those. net split perhaps. for my work - it just about has.. depends on what you are going to do.that's OK   - we are used to it.. Most of us have done WIndows Support in the past. its encrypted and you dont know the password? i belive compiz has some ways to do that also. i belive compiz can do that via a shortcut also.. or theres icons for the panel that can do that. mkfs.ext3 there are channels for each of those languagesa fat32/fat16 normally but if you are using the UNR usb image file.. it dosent matter. jockey-gtk i think i think hfs+ can be read.. but ive never done so. depends. :P ive seen 1000W power supplies on a PC. you ment to upgrade to the alpha testing release? perhaps install synaptic, and access it fromt there. I dont see it in the menus here either what app exactly? you 'run' bin files.. ( but there may be bette ways) some MUST be ran from the terminal.  adobe WHAT? isent that special :) we live in interesting times from a cpu point of view. So many new things. no it does not. that wouldent make sence.THen theres an alternative to MythTV also.i forget  its name. thers a lot of mirrors for it the config is in /etc/apt/ to show what ones are used. sounds like it would be easiert o just not use suspend at all. some drivers/devices just dont like being suspended under linux a great many of them do. I would look for one with Nvidia video however. It tends to be a bit easier to get working fully. sounds like a driver bug..  proberly fixable with some setting.  or check out --> webcamstudio -> http://www.ws4gl.org/ yes,. you can use teh command line if you wanted. sure.. why not. :) you may not get a lot of answers however... you may want to check the forums/fluxbox guides on how to get it set up in a decent way. its may take a little tweaking ls has a dozen+ options  - one proberly does that. xsplash -> gdm login -> xsplash -> users actual desktop   (i think) been there done that.. that was a job for the interns. do a 'sudo updatedb' then use the locate command to find files.a trick ive used befor is to use gdebi.. 'sudo gdebi whatever.deb' i find instgalls all needed deps for that .deb perhaps tell the channel why you are trying this chroot stuff? every time i see someone trying to chroot-jail  things.. it seems to be more hassle then it is worth that would be a very old rescue cd. :) you may want to track down a newer cd. It proberly dosent have support for ext4 either AV software in 'linux' scans windows files for windows viruses.. :) remove 'what' exactly? ive seen bash prompts/tricks that set the terminal title to be the name of the running command. i recall  some bash propmts that did it also. but i dont recall how. of if it worked with all terms or just xterm not really. you can shrink one. move files over.. shrink/enlarge the other if you mean register your nickname here on IRC.. start with /msg nickserv help thats a feature of the LTS - yes normally one dosent/cant downgrade easiallyRictoo_ run it frim the shell. sh whatever.sh there an Ubuntu font :) in the works i use the netbook on laptops and normal edition on netbooks.. both can do the same jobs. you can have both on one machine if you wanted. :) check out SongBird wireless works for me on my AAO. i did have some odd issue where if you use the switch and turn it off.. it dont want to come back on. Had to reboot. i recall a lot of the devs were at some party for RC1 :) so they took longer then normal clarify the question and how its related to ubuntu.ive been using 'songbird' lately. :)  its not in the repos however.i like the bmpx player also. you can just apt-get install lm-sensors.blacklist the modules. :) if they are using /dev/video0 your capture may be /dev/video1 or similer #Live CD and a spare Live-Flash drive setup is always handy for fixing pc's you mean make a bootable usb/iso? lots of little polished tweaks and nudges. :P yes.plug it in.. power on... its a l as in list.. thers no default rules set. but the feature is there. dosent work on boot.. works after you unplug/plug it back in? check some of the blog sites like OMGubuntu for  Unity tips and tricks perhaps. try #evolution ? try running it from a terminal, look for error messages sounds like a quirk in the bios. i doubt if it hurts anything.pandam:  ask the question and see. :) you have tried just mouinting it by hand? if so what erorrs does it give? when you plug it in  wait a few moments then run 'dmesg' in a console and SEE what  it says.  also 'sudo fdisk -l' may show what drive/partition it is. yea. the file manager has issues.. theres a few alternatives however what? i just use the 32bit flash in the repos on my 64bit machines and it works here. yes. or insall the ubuntu-restricted-extas package read the url perhaps? install the ubuntu-restricted-exras package also will proberly grab all the flash stuff you need. unless of course you want somthing that can run decently on older box's you add it/export the variable if your user has a bin dir.. in existance when you log in.. it will automatically get added. if you have several ubuntu bxs you may want to set one up as a apt-cacher server to save on download bandwith. most likely - not needed  :) gparted to set it up. edit fstab to mount it where you want not really. it could just be a shell script its just an executable that some how installs somthing.. and is a VERY bad habbit that way to many companies use. theres firefox extensions for it.. and i belive a few stand alone apps.. ussing chrome and just tried this -> http://www.chromeextensions.org/utilities/chrome-youtube-downloader/ .wine/XXXXXX it can also use links to your users other directories. try running    system-config-printer     from a terminal - see if that works? username of ubuntu, with no password. some times programa need to be restarted to have some changes like those to take effect. chroot in. use the commands the clone factoid give yes. boot live cd. mount othersystem, chroot /mountpoint/ try the commands rm -- 'x5 '?x+?sC{U*?.txt'   perhaps rm -- x5<TABKEY>      perhaps and that will prove what exactlythe faq fir that fs driver explains how ext3 is backeards compatiable with ext2./ :)if it can read ext2. then it CAN read ext3 why do you want to make it logical? I use primary partitions primarly :) 'brand new' is the red flag here. its possible its so new the alsa drivers in 10.4 dont support it. You may want to try a 10.10 live cd to test. yes put a/ befor commands the ati drivers from teh web site is the fglrx drivers. then thers the open sourced ati/radeon drivers give details on what you are doing, and whats not workingthers a 'System rescue Live CD' or 2 out - that have a lot of tools for that stuff.. But they are proverly command line, and ive never used them. so it may take some research!iptables iptables has 1000000+ tutorals and guides out on the net. check output of 'sudo fdisk -l' to see what 'device' it is. You will need to partition/format/moiunt the thing for it to be used no sd## then eh? Hmm.. i would reboot - see if the BIOS is seeing it..   perhaps you missed a cable, or somthing isent plugged in all the way.. or the sata controller is disabled.. whats kylix? that sounds familer. eww. :) heh. ive never had that work very well.. even when it was 'popular'  last i checked the xchat homepage had some ok docs/guides - check the xchat help menu also i recall some 'system speaker' beeper program :P with that you could write one with a little bit of shell scripting  it was a 'big' thing a few years back. But basically i say - dont worry/bother with it. I dont think it can break much.. but i do recall it breaking SOME things..  Actually i was thinking some shrunk down form of it was being used in ubuntu sudo mount -a perhaps ps ax | grep ssh ? it has an icon in apps->acessoris via command line its 'virtualbox' virtualbox could do it - if you had the ram. use the 'alacarte' program to edit your menus and add entries where you want you said you downlaoded it..  did you install it? where are you running it from? what is what? you could use 'root' to alter the file with a text editor.  'gksudo gedit /path/to/the/file' end of the month.. the version # is the date of release. (year/m9onth) ive seen a 'ppa search' tool somewhere... that i think gave more info. video 'tearing'  where ya see a line/glitz on the games/video playback the 'unzip' command can do that. :P amazing eh? demand a refund. you mean to say your USER couldent write to it? or could root access it?  It will need to be mounted from the fstab file to be accessable at all. clarify what you mean. You got a 2nd irc nick here that you are waiting to die? or the reboot command?vmware 'player' ? :P 'vmware' is a comrecial emulator  'thing' - not a 'player' - so what are you really talking about? try a differnt usb port. it totally depends on the exact chipsets.. In my case.. No. what video chipset? the ubuntu packagtes proberly have it 'locked down' for security reasons - check the wiki/forums for what needs to be done to reenable full use of it. theres dozens of them out there. For total beginners - most of them cover the same topics. you proberly want a book that you wont outgrow in 5 days. :) some as in left works.. but not right> learn the shell by using the shell. :P the fundamentals are the same. irssi homepage has loads of docs. I havent used irssi much since ive switched to 'weechat' dpends on the task.. for movie reencideing i notice a few % gain 'Firestarter' is a neat tool.. proberly a dozen others. yes.. but i forget how. :)  seen it in the 'advanced bash guide' i recall I ve seen examples that make use of &1 and &2  befor to do that in some special cases. proberly kernel/alsa version differances. 'sudo dpkg -i *.deb'  i agree with darksector  be CAREFULL with that. no. init is the new stuff where some configs are at. no idea what you are trying to do.    the /etc/init directory has  the files for what upstart starts up. 100000's of differances grub2 is new from the ground up there was (not sure now that you have tweaked things) easier ways to just set a root password. but I dont bother any more. I just do the sudo mantra totally depends on what you do with your pc. ;) theres lists of linux /windows alternative software. but it does boil down to your specific needs be sure you are using the right  name. i always get vboxsf and vboxfs backeards.install 'a' vncserver. thers several to choose from. or freenx. or the freenx variantsbut thats not a 'totally remote' solution wubi.. sort of.. well.. sucks.. :) totally installs on the bin  - 'bin' could do ANYTHING - and has no guarentee it even has an uninstall feature. This is why you shoudl avoid bin. or if i have to use .bin i fiure out how to install it on a 'per user' basis so it goes in the users home dir. or /opt ive seen guides/tools on how to do that. and no i dont have any url's - i just saw it at some sites as i was googling about use the -> autostatic's ppa version 2.10 of rox   , and use 'rox-filer --pinboard=default' and you will get an Ok desktop + filemanager it is its own package. yes.. that should do it. that google voice stuff works with Ubuntu. You can dial phones with it. ;) yoou have to put the iso on the usb in a useable fashion so its a boota b le usb. tools at pendriveli  ux site for various os's proberly one of the console based ones :P thers no gui manager tool for grub2 yet. chrooting users to lock them down is a rather complex task.   Not just a trivial one command and its done thingedit the xorg.conf, or use the nvidia-xconfig tool, or theres some other nvidia tool also. (try nvidia<tab> in a shell)that nvidia-xconfig (i think) tool has a option to enavble it. i recall.issyl0:  is a upper case typing cat using the 'cats-lock' key ? :)oops that was for isaac_  :) we have #ubuntu-offtopic for that clarify what you are asking i would suggest making backups of the improntant stuff.. tell the channel the exact problem you are having and see who can help. gnome is default in ubuntu. Kde default in kubuntu find the packatge its in . use the apt-get tools to grab the source.yea - i lperfer the panel applets myself.you want /dev/sdb   not sdb1 i imagine  rox. for a bootable image see #ubuntu+1 /nick BillGates_BigMoney i seem to recall needing the libfaad installed befor  playing those.. but i cant recall last time i needed to do that i find my vvideo encoding works faster with 64bit.. i dont notice any extra ram needed. but these days... ram is  cheap :) theres several www servers.. so? theres several ssh front end tools in the repos. the gnome file manager can bookmark  those once you connect via the places -> connect feature 'startx' that is starting the X server... makes it easier to monitor them that way... you could do 'wget whatever &' i guess theres a weather-indicator applet in the repos you can install and run windows could remove the boot record and thus 'grub' IF you are uysing a dual-boot setup. and its possible windows could remove/repair the WUBI type installer boot setup as well. those recovery cd's could vary depending ont he comany making them under 2gb. definatly under 5gb. :) a few are in the repos I belive. but not many i was thinking that card was now supported. Creative dropped the ball and it was unsupported for a long time. check the forums.. could be your mixer is just muted. i would say its safest to run it on a lan. :) ssh has all sort of settings you can lock it down with theres dozens of them out there. it depends on your needs. run vlc from a terminal and see what messages its saying right cliock  on the title - use the menu items any of them should have wireless support. Lubuntu - smallest with a 'full' desktop./ im not sure how that could be possible. no idea. Id have to google for it. im not too big of a hurry to try the latest gnoimeX can auto configure now - it dosent alsays need a xorg.conf yep. :) thats the fave at this house also. what you expecting it to do? you mean the gamepad moves the mouse around? you mean you move the stick and the pointer moves? or what excatly? that would be too small. withoug going to extremes like LjL  suggests. check the rox filer docs/forums I think i saw it mentioned in their FAQ. You could i think .. but it would be for the best to leave it unmounted.. some steam games work.. some dont. the wine app database i thijk tells you.. its wine (some otion) steamsetup.msi (or whatever its called) use whatever os you want to install  a boot loader/mbr - delete linux partitions. repartition/reformat them as needed paste the url to the guide you are following.. that guide MIGHT be out f date check its homep[age/forums perhaps for help I guess you mean 'microsoft' bought it? if we say no... :) what will you do? you can do that by editing the /etc/default/grub file xterm has dozens of settings for the colors and stuff.  xterm -bg black -fg green   for example. or xterm -rv (for reverse video/colors) if you ahve updated recently. it may be you are up to date mount them with the proper 'mount' command, or use some fuse-samba automounting/browsing tool nautilus does not 'mount' them. it 'browses' them. put it high on a shelf so the bits can run downhill faster, ive seen omgubuntu and webupd8 have guides on doing that. No idea what ppa they use/sugest check the !fixgrub factouid. You need to mount /dev/ to the chroot the alternative installer cd - has some OEM feature. but ive never used it befor. the installer also has a 'auto partition using the whole disk' option. alt-ctrl-sysreq-k  I belive it may be alt-ctrl-sysreq-r to reboot. k to kill X..    I for get the ohter magic keys one normally does a './configure' 'make' 'sudo make install' check if its mounted read/write via the 'mount' command. could be iuts had an issue and remounted read only sudo service gdm restart lots of people do.. ask the actual question. check the menus. look for a burn iso, or burn image item. i tend to use k3b.   from command line.. -> 'k3b foo.iso'  :)  but I like k3b over the other tools.. under 4gb i know :) but a Useable ubuntu setup.. thats another story bash basics --> ; or && install the dependencies it needs. or give us a more specific error message. You could use 'gksudo gdebi whatever.deb' and it should install needed extra packages ask in #windows depends on how you 'work' and what you do with themwhy are you messing with the kernel ata all?I imagine he wanted a cli way to remote figure it out.. if he was there at the desktop.. he could look and see the # of monitors plugged in. :) there used to be some in the repos, called gnome-art or gnome-art-ng or similer.. but not used them in years. they made it easy to get new themes.. one way.. shrink one.. enlarge other.. copy stuff over... repeate as needed. i dident say it was a good way. :) gparted gparted can resize.  so if the one is unallocated. it can resize the ones next to the unallocated space access what 'usb' device exactly? mount it, cd to the mount point, access it as you would any other directory ext4 has some 'extents' feature that does that i thought.. but ive no idea how you would manually force it to do that. a flash based game? flash could be crashing the video drivers for some reason or other quirky flash issues if ya had a windows machine handy.. plug it in and rename it.   not sure of the best way to do it under linux. there used to be some 'dostools' that could do it. but havent seen those mentioned in ages. totally false. none are installed by DEFAULT however.. its a 2 min install  or so. 'sudo apt-get build-essential' its in the preferances,, right click on the desktiop perhaps? its a executable to install google earth.. Not a cd image. becuse flash sort of stinks... try the google chrome browser and the html5 feature. that may use much less cpu  not user files.. system files yes..same as you do a normal hd. partition, install, be sure grub goes on the usb... usb3 pendrives exist now you mean to share directories? save changes to xorg.conf -> use 'sudo service gdm restart' is what i normally do we care... honest we do.... clarify what you mean?  You can keep all of them if you wanted to...winrar doew work under wine. ok :P crashes your system. you select gnome or lxde at the LOGIN screen via the menus sudo dpkg-reconfigure gdm    should let you select what Xdm to use. 1531 people here.  use the package manager for your other disrto and see what they installed where. its in the pidgin settings somewhere i recall yesterday saying the setting is in the pidgin libnotify settings or somthing  - I dont use the app. ive seen some manpage2html front ends/cgi scripts - but nothing  by default that lets you do that. you are refering to your WIndows drives? its not mounting them automaticially aparently. You could mount them manually in 'read' only . the installer can auto  partiti8on it., you can. make users with differnt names... or you can get issues. state the actual propblem and lets see.. theres always #winehq also we see  your messages.... when in doubt.. backup stuff all sorts of issues.. and some people with no issues... then you restore your bootloader with whatever os you want to controll the bootloader  Theres some live cd's that can recover the windows mbr and boot specific pariottions.. Or many laptops use alt-f10  to boot  the rescue parittion bypassing the mbr. one way ' sudo service gdm stop' weird. My xorg.conf for my nvidia system just disables the nvidia splash screen. :) it workd for me just the other day in ubuntu. Unless the huly guys broke things again.... the pacakge manager tools can show whats installed. use the proper apt-* commands then i guess. DOS vs Linux/Unix line feeds   theres unix2dos and dos2unix commands i recall... apt-get update :P io error = filesystem or hard drive is having issues.. boot live cd and fsck the filesystems.. and hope its not a HD failure. Im not even sure if that card has any linux support yet. that card has only been out a short while. Creative has great cards.. but linux support for them is often lacking.  (or slow in comming) why are you bothering with the source at all? you may want to spend a few hrs reading a few getting started guides then. ive instaleld on such systems befor.. be VERY carefull when you set what drives to install/partion/format. I accidently thought /dev/sda1 was a SATA drive.. when it was my IDE data drive. :) for free?  or pay? ubuntu wiki/forums and here.. and google :P and how long is your boot time?!info shred!find shred try using the 'service' command. not the init.d/ method i would find that unlikely i noticed that the other day also.. i think ALL of them were listed  You are trying to lock the screen via the command line once you have sshed in ? gnome has its own theme dialog tool.. and the gnome-art tool candownload/install new themes and theme parts if you want. rember that 'themes' in gnome do NOT work the same as they do inwindows.. you have more customization features..  dont overlook the  'customize' button and the 100+ settings in there. :) but why do you need it? theres a puppy variant that just came out for that target. but puppy is not always 'proper' menu.lst? You using grub2 or grub1? you hit the shift key also i belive. for grub2 care to rephrase that. If you select a file and delete it.. it goes to the trash normally. i though the virtualbox in the repos has usb 'disabled'  You need virtualbox from the vbox homepage for it to work. (and ive not messed with the usb stuff in ages in vbox, i recall it was a pain but i did get it working) i recall having to enable the usb devvices in the vbbox configs.. then while the OS was running in vbox having to use the menus again .. (this was just a thumbdrive i used ages ago) check teh various review sites see what they suggest.. Most any of them do what most people want these days